The Orange Erotic Bible

Book 01 Genesis

Chapter 1

God sat back upon his throne, and God compared the night to a well-filed cabinet.
And he said to his servant, Go to the well-filed cabinet; open it and lift the lid.
And go in and forth he said, with his arm extended over the back of her body; and she walked to the well-filed cabinet and opened it.
And he said to her, Take the fletch of fletch into your mouth and suck upon it; and take it to the bottom of the well-filed cabinet and place it there on the wet surface.
And go back to the well-filed cabinet, and repeat the process.
And when he had completed the process, she was drenched in the face of the waters and almost naked in the hands of her master: and her body trembled from head to foot as she turned to face him.
She stood up and her tender pussy was exposed to him, for him to see and to touch and to kiss and to scratch and to purr against her skin.
And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
And God said, Let us go forth into the deep sleep of the night, and see how many of you there are.
And to our delight, there were so many; for the wild ones had a feast in store for the wild lambs.
And to our great delight, the feast was ready, and the Master's chosen ones had gathered at the foot of the table, and the lambs were ready; and the Master's chosen ones were eating the wild veal, and the Master's chosen ones were drinking the wine, and the Master's chosen ones were rolling in the hay, and the Master's chosen ones were sitting on the seat before the table-licker.
And the Master was having the table-licker of the evening, the one who would be most lustful and most slippery.
And the Master had decided on a course of action, to show his pleasure in this life, and his displeasure in the world to come.
And as the meal went on, and the meal went on, the Master had shown his pleasure in the way the greeting had gone, and he had shown his displeasure in the ways the Master had commanded: with the way the greeting had gone, with the commands he had given, and with the disobey orders that the Master would give the disobeyers.
And the Master had become thirsty.
But the LORD God caused the rain to fall from the sky to mingle with the musky aroma which wafted the room.
On the eighth and last day, the wedding day, the first-day-of-spring's crop happened to be in the area, and as the weather was warm and the sun was high and the moon was full and the clouds were low and the stars were bright,
The farmer woke first, and he called his wife to tell her that he had to go to the bank now and get his things. And when she came out and he told her to come in to her house and he would give her a ride of sorts so she could set up her home. And she put the pieces of paper in the mailbox and walked back inside. The ride was a three-hour one, and she was wearing a simple white cotton sundress and silk boxers. Her breasts were pushed a little too far up in the front, and the nipples pointed up in the sky. The crop was small, and she took it very much like she would a horse. But like the horse she sat down to eat her food, and she liked the taste of her food, especially the omelets that she would put on as a treat, and they were always good.
And the gold of that land is in gold; and upon that land is a storehouse of silver.
And the third river is the Nile: it was made to flow in the land of the Lord, wherein the hand was man; and whoso camest thou of the hand of the Lord, that camest is good.
And the fourth and last was the Euphrates: it was made to flow in the land of the Lord, wherein the woman camest is a prize.
And the water of the garden was of brass, and the earth stirred when the water was poured upon the earth.
And the woman camest with her face to the water's edge.
And the drops of the rain came from heaven upon the earth.
And the drops of the rain were white as snow, as the rain was gathered from heaven upon the earth.
And the one who camest with the Lord camest with his face to the drops of rain; and the Lord was satisfied with the beauty of his property.
And he took his seed, and dwelt in Eve,
And she dwelt in him a year; and they were like cattle; neither strong nor feeble, yet kept together;
And the year was one of sexual dimorphism.
The same sort of thing went for every man; a natural outgrowth of the same sort of thing, even if the people around the world themselves could not understand it.
For Eve, it was the year she found man, and for Adam it was the year he found her.

Chapter 2: The Garden and the Sky

The air was the best in the world, and the sky the worst. The story of the story was told in the morning, with the sun hidden from view, and the clouds and the distant sky being all that were for a host of dreams and desires.
The night was cool and clear and partly cloudy; the clouds partly obscuring the sun's rays. The sky was overcast with the wind howling through the trees, and in the distance I could see flashes of lightning. I was strangely happy; I had seen lightning on the cobblestones several times in my life, but I had never really thought of going for it.
For God doth hurt not man by reason of sex; nevertheless, because of the harvest of gold which the LORD has sown in Eden, and the man having the land of the harvest, and because of the fear of the LORD God of the harvest shall the worm gain entrance unto his soul.
And the woman said unto the serpent, Of this we know nothing:
And the serpent answered and said, Hath the woman deceived thee?
And the woman said unto the serpent, How then art thou deceived?
And the serpent answered and said, In looking into the eyes of the LORD of hosts, that is why the woman is in captivity.
And the woman said, Let us see.
And the serpent answered and said, Hath the woman ever tasted of the garden of the LORD God of hosts?
And the woman answered and said, Have we not all here learned the same lesson?
And the serpent said to the woman, Let us eat of the tree of life also.
And the LORD God answered, And did I give unto thee of the tree, lest I give unto thee the pride of giving of the pride of eating of the tree, which I did.
And the LORD God said unto Adam, Thus shalt thou answer to thyself; for I have seen that thou art naked in the tree.
And the woman said unto the Lord God, How long will you keep this thing from me? And the Lord God said unto her, One year.
And the LORD God said unto her, What year was this tree gave to thee? And the woman said, Two hundred and twenty days.
And the LORD God answered, And what year was this tree came forth? And the woman said, One thousand eight hundred and sixty days.
And the LORD God caused Eve's skin to flush, and her belly to quiver, and her breasts to fall out, and she was afraid.
And the LORD God caused the thunder to shake the ground beneath her, and the hail to strike forth, and the flood was upon her; for the sky was darkened with a heavy mist, and the ground was on fire.
And Eve's heart was heavy with anxiety, because the thunder and the flood were against her.
And the thunder shook the ground beneath her, and she became afraid.
When the lightning struck, it seared her loins and burned within her, and she fled from the stinging lightning, and the LORD God became angry with her.
He said, Let her eat of the tree.
And Eve ate of the fruit of the ground which the lightning had scattered, and she became glad in heart, for she had known a hunger like fire from the first moment that it had touched her.
And Adam stood as he had been commanded, and she watched as he returned to his original place, and she knew that he would be punished for his disobedience.
He looked upon it, and commanded Eve to eat of it.
She became pregnant again, and had children; but the LORD God sent them to be tested and filled with many things in a manner far beyond their ability to restrain.
They also seemed much more inclined toward that which they did not want to be, and had gotten into trouble with the first flock.
They were now with Eve, and stood between her legs: The belt was still wrapped around her waist, but she was smooth and slim, with pink tipped and red-rimmed eyes.
They would lick her thighs and kiss her pussy.
They loved to use her cunt.
She was quite wet.
And her cunt was very nice, both from the inside out and from inside out.
And the LORD said unto Cain, Thus spake the Lord GOD: From the ground whereon he rode his beast he received the skin of his brother as a sacrifice.
And the LORD said unto Cain, Thus spake the Lord GOD: I have avenged my brother upon thee; and his blood shall never be shed, for ever.
And the LORD said unto Cain, Thus spake the Lord GOD: If thou wilt eat of his flesh, then shall I also eat of his blood.
And Cain said unto the LORD, Thus spake the Lord GOD: If I forgive thee of my transgression, I will also forgive thee of my blood.
And the LORD said unto Cain, Thus spake the Lord GOD: Mercy, beauty, and cattle shall I give to thee, to keep thee in my life.
And Cain said, I will.
And the LORD said unto Cain, Thou shalt.
And the LORD said unto him, I will execute thy transgression and burn thee in fire.
And when his wife gave birth to Cainan sons, he was enraged; and when his wife had conceived another, he slew both of them.
And Adah was old enough to bear the shame of his deed: but the guilt of his crime was greater.
And the LORD looked down from his mountain-top throne, and sighed, when he saw the evil in his deeds.
He looked upon the woman he had taken, and his eyes drew their tip from her clitoris; and he looked upon her face, and his face became red.
And the Lord looked down from his mountain top throne, and smiled.
He looked down from his mountain top throne, and smiled.
And he looked up into the tent where he dwelt, and his heart grew feverish; and he looked down from his mountain top throne, and he watched the raven hair of her neck, and the lightning fast silver spikes of her every muscle.
He also looked up at her naked body, and his eyes drew their tip from her shoulder blades, and he looked down from his mountain top throne, and he felt his lips, and his tongue, and his tongue traveled the length of her sex, and he kissed her.
And so it was that Adam came to be, a glorified human being, having in him all the spirit and soul of his former owner.
His happiness was such that he became the soul of the devil, the heart of his own deviant and his guide.
He had now become prideful of his human nature, and pride of his human nature.
He had lost all sense of self; his whole being was bow before the power of the fallen angels.
In the days that followed, Cain preyed on the unsuspecting woman he called Eve.
He stalked her, coursing across her skin and her flesh.
He came to her; crouching down he held a pair of piercing, sharpened stakes.
He began to stroke the ground with one hand, flicking the sharpened stakes with the other.
And the days of Enos after his death were eight hundred and fifteen years; and he died.
And Cainan lived after his death; and begat Enos:
And Enos lived after he died; and begat Lamech: and Lamech lived after he died; and begat Haman: and Haman lived after his death; and the days of Lamech after his death were eight hundred and ten years: and he died.
And Lamech lived after Lamech died; and begat Werewolves:
And Lamech lived after Lamech died; and begat Demon Hunters:
And Demon Hunters lived after Lamech died; and the Demons walked amongst men as they hunted down those who preyed upon them.
And when the days of Lamech came to an end, the Demons had power over all mankind.
And Enos lived another hundred years; and begat many more sons and daughters:
He bore the mark of the Beast for a thousand years:
And in his youth Enos had been with women as were the Demons.
And Enos was a chewer of meat:
And Enos was a drinker of great wine:
And Enos was a mender of arse juice:
And Enos was a breeder of bitch-oil:
And Enos was a teller of big piss-baths:
And Enos was a drinker of bootleg whisky:
And Enos was a peddler of bush:
And Enos was a pot-bellied shepherd in the bush:
And Enos was a murderer of maidens:
And Enos slept with his own wife.
And when the Demons had used their secret upon him, Enos was their first Vampire.
And they have not been without him ever since.
And Enoch lived after he begat Enoch, and begat female slaves:
And Enoch lived after he begat Enoch, and begat male slaves:
And Enoch lived after he begat Enoch, and begat female slaves:
And Enoch lived after he begat Enoch, and begat male slaves:
And Enoch lived after he begat Enoch, and begat female slaves:
And Enoch lived after he begat Enoch, and begat male slaves:
And Enoch lived after he begat Enoch, and begat female slaves:
And Enoch lived after he begat Enoch, and begat female slaves:
And Enoch's slave wife was Mahalaleel:
And Enoch's slave wife was Enoch:
She was the mother of Enoch, and also his; – his only female child.
Adonis was the youngest of the Olympians. She was the product of the union of two mortal women, Adonis and Mahalaleel. She was a demon-killer and a witch-destroyer. She was the daughter of a demon-killer named Dagon and a vampire-slut named Nicolai. Adonis was a demon-killer in the Egyptian pantheon of the dead. He was the son of Mahalaleel, the son also of a demon-killer. He bore the mark of the one who controls the life of hell, and he must be destroyed.
And all the days of Methuselah were seven hundred eighty and five years: and he died.
And Lamech walked with God after he begat Enoch, and sat on the throne of the living dead:
And Lamech worshiped the living dead:
And went to the place of their battle-ments and slew Enoch.
He who slew Enoch slew Lamech also:
And they both drank of the blood of their slain lord.
And Lamech took Enoch to his Maker, and told him of the new life he had brought to them:
And told him of the bliss he would have in store for him:
And told him of the doom he would have on his head if he should fall:
And commanded him to take his sword and leave Enoch:
And go to his land and slay the outlaw.
And when he came to his land, he came back to his friend and told him of Enoch's death, and his desire to kill again. He came to Enoch's side and lovingly caressed the body of his friend. He told him of Enoch's love for him, and his duty to keep the souls of the dead happy. And he told him of Enoch's duty to him, as his keeper of the souls of the dead.
And Noah's first wife was a woman named Hadida. She was a mighty woman: in years, ten times amputee of body, limb, and arm.
She bore Noah fat child, and he also bore his rings. She bore Noah's daughter: Ketu.
She was beautiful:
Hagar was small: 5 foot 4 and so pretty, with broad shoulders and lovely hair. She was also muscled. And she was a virgin.
She had given birth to twins while riding in the army: one boy and one girl.
And Japheth was a window-washer; a good cook.
And Shem, the eldest, was a carpenter; a good driver.
And Ham, the second, was a messiah; a religious leader and s the founder of a new religion, Christianity.
These three sons were righteous to the LORD'sane; and Noah, having three daughters, asked the LORD of the Heavens why he should be obeyed.
The LORD answered, O Noah, for I have spoken these thoughts in my mind: When you sow an evil against My creature, even though it is a good thing, it still must be done with a bad mind. When you have an evil-tempered woman among My children, it must be done with a bad mind. When you have an evil spirit in your midst, it must be done with a wicked mind. When you have an evil eye on My creatures, it must be done with an evil eye.
And be on your knees before Me, and worship Me as thou didst thou over the dead man's body.
And, behold, there is one thing that I must do; and this I command thee from thee; to multiply as many calves as you can; and bring them to Me.
And take them into your mouth; for I command it.
And, behold, there is a special place in Mine for sucklings; and this I will take into My mouth to-morrow.
And remember also, mine are the seeds of many mysteries; and, if thou wilt abide to fulfil My promise, My seed shall be the sweetest of sweet honey.
And remember also, mine are the keys of the mysteries of the world; and this shall be thine: the darkness of the secrets of the world shall be the key to the mystery of My will.
And remember also, Mine are the sword strokes of the great snake; and this shall be the bliss of the weak snake.
And remember also, Mine are the cares of the world; and this shall be the joy of the weak snake.
For this reason Noah had a most fearful fear of the ark; for in the ark were fountains of molten gold; fire and brimstone were upon the earth, and every thing in the heavens and on the face of the earth was in molten gold.
And the LORD spake three words; – He poured molten gold upon the ark.
And Noah's body was as this; it was as it should be. His hair was white as snow; his body lean and muscular; his heart quick and strong. He had never been so glad to find the sea, and had never been so ready for the journey into the deep sea.
And the LORD caused Noah's heart to fail him; for his soul was as it was: content, and longing to find the flood-gatherer.
He caused Noah's fainting to cease; and he caught him in the act of rising to his feet; for before he fell, he had summoned Noah's whole household.
And the LORD spake unto Noah; saying—- Is there any other thing I can do for you?
In the year that followed, Noah sold all his things for arctic travel; his wife and his son and his cattle; his business, Oceanside Railroad; and his clothes, he furnished as he had been commanded.
He purchased the beautiful island of Tahiti for his slave, who now dwelt in the great city of Manaus, on the coast of the Amazon, in the state of Amazonas.
He sent her north with the letter to go to Manaus and to live out her destiny, to please the land and her Mistress.
With this note was attached the sealing wax that had been sent to all that had been sent to the slave.
The letter was copied on both sides by hand ink and Noah's signature was on both sides.
The wax had been carefully rubbed and etched into the wax, the words, “Servant of Mine, For my Slave is none other than you, Master Noah”, were written inked on the wax and carefully scraped off.
And then the words, “Servant of Mine, Good Slave” were also on the wax.
And then it was put on the animal skins and placed in the plastic baggies.
And the water ran down from the mountains into the sea.
And there were seven hills within the mountains, that were high and of wood, and the mouths of seven mouths were upon the one that was at the top of the seventh hill.
The water ran off into the river; and there was great hunger in the beasts that were upon the land.
And after the flood had ceased to fall, the men went into the woods, and the women into the river.
And the ark was shut in; not being parted with the curtain.
And Ham and Japheth stayed on the hills, that were under the same sky.
And Noah bedded himself down in a wood; And Bilbo went into the garden, and had some board laid there for storing his wet and his musky piss.
He fixed it high up in the air so that the birds and the butterflies could not get to it; And also, Bilbo had to stand in the cool damp air, and the flies and the ants, and the grasshoppers and the weevils that were following him, if he wished to slip the piss out of his tight trousers.
And God said unto Noah, Let us go again up into the heavens, to look upon the works of our male and female parts.
And he said, Yea; for I have sinned against the LORD many times in my life.
And the LORD God of hosts rewardeth the sinner in the way he perseveys His decrees.
The LORD God of waters rewardeth the sinner in many ways.
The LORD God of hosts rewardeth the sinner in his sins.
Am I to look upon the works of the male or the female of this generation?
Is my foreskin enough?
I am not sure; but I can guess.
But the light from the window was kindled in the fire, and the fun was just beginning.
The days were just like this for some time; and then 9 days a fast was had been had by both of these characters.
And this was just the fun day.
After the morning of the fun day, the characters went out to the fields, and played football and other activities; and spent the afternoon at the pond; and, of course, had the dinner at my place.
Now, it was late Saturday morning; and I was on my way to visit my grandparent's house in the country.
As he was driving, I kept whispering in my ear, “You are going to meet your maker.” “Yes,” he said, “I have heard it.” “And who is your maker?
And to the LORD were offered whale, goat, snake, rabbit, dog, pig, and other living things, according to the Whole of the Law.
And to the LORD were offered the blood of the Lamb, of which is the oil of the earth; in the form of a leech upon the surface of the earth, which the Serpent worketh in secret unto the LORD, and for his blood: which the Serpent feedeth on the earth, and for his flesh.
When Noah had finished his work, he went down into the valley, and sought out the people that were children in that they were young and beautiful:
And he came across the loins of one young woman, and the neck of another; and the face of one that was almost as young as her.
And he went down to the river, and sought out that girl, and brought her to the altar.
And there was at least six young men, all male, who had been brought in with Noah.
And he told these young men one word, which they must utter, for he is the Lord of these young men.
“YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE”
“Have we reached the center of the earth yet?” asked Noah.
For whosoever liveth upon the earth shall be my witness, and I will sustain him in his crimes against his fellows.
And for whosoever eateth the flesh of his brother shall his blood be shed: for he that eateth his brother's flesh shall surely die.
The LORD shalt thou feed with her blood, and the LORD shalt thou feed with life: for both are from one and the same Lord.
For the life of the flesh is one life: for the flesh is life of the living.
And the life of the blood shall be one life's agony: for the blood is life.
For the life of the flesh is one temptation of the Lord: one that is the inwaste of the earth.
And the life of the flesh is one temptation of the learner: one that is the cost of iniquity.
For the life of the flesh is one temptation of the low seed, of sheep and of lambs: one that is the source of their iniquity;
One that comes to the edge of destruction and damnation: one that the soul of the wicked learner after the flesh shall have been cleansed.
And the bow shall be the token of the covenant between me and the earth.
And it came to pass, on the morrow, that the bow was seen in the cloud:
And the ark was the token of the covenant between me and the earth.
For the earth was heaved with heavy woe, in many ways exceeding its former count.
For the land had lost many of the hills, and many of the country; and many of the country was lost in the woods.
For many years after the first summer day of the Lord's work, the ground was unproductive.
He had, in many ways, bore the fatigue away, for hunger.
He had, in many ways, borne the labor away, for thirst.
He had, in many ways, bore the wear and tear and sickness and death of the body, for many years of hard and patient work to no avail.
The second son of Noah, was named Levi; and he also was a rich man.
He and his companions, encamped about them in tents, upon the hills and grass,
And they sent out cattle and camels and sheep, and they encamped about the lakes and rivers,
And they encamped about the mountains and cut trees; and they spent all their days in the woods,
And at the end of their days they encamped in the house in the woods,
And in the house they encamped close to the fire,
And they encamped close to the water's edge,
And they encamped close together in the tents.
And after four Months of Siege the party made their way back to the shore,
And after their refreshment they refreshed their arrows and brought them up to the top of the hill,
And after their refreshment they sat down to eat the food put in their mouths,
And after their refreshment they said their goodbyes and walked off into the sunset.
At the House the sun was sinking and the clouds were getting higher;
As they got to the house they were all refreshed;
And they walked down the street,
And they came to the parlor,
And they sat down in the scratching posts,
And they could see the tree,
That was on of the many that they had seen.
As they sat there talking and laughing they noticed one other thing.
It was a big tree.
And it was in the parlor.
And they all could see it.
And of Abram the Prophetess: and Abram was the older.
And of his concubines: and of Abram's concubines, that slept with his wife: and of his concubines that drank from his wife's pussy: and of Abram that were anxious to possess his wife, and of Abram that were hard from having their flesh shaved.
And of Abram the carver: and of his spinster: and of his finger impostor: and of Abram that were addicted to drink and tobacco.
And of Abram the plowman: and of his hand impostor: and of Abram the buyer and seller of stolen things: and of Abram the buyer of alcoholic drinks: and of Abram that were addicted to sexual services: and of Abram that were addicted to female students: and of Abram that were addicted to alcoholic drinks:
And of Abram the herdsman: and of his implementer: and of his implementer that sucked the juice of the womb: and of Abram that was addicted to the gratification of large blunt force:
And of Abram the farmer: and of his implementer that pulled the skin of the ground up to his balls-feet: and of Abram that was addicted to the juices of his wife's pussy: and of Abram that was addicted to the gratification of large blunt force:
And of Abram the carver: and of his implementer that pulled the skin of the ground up to his balls-feet: and of Abram that was addicted to the gratification of large blunt force:
And of Abram the farmer: and of his implementer that pulled the skin of the ground up to his thighs-ankles: and of Abram that was addicted to the gratification of large blunt force:
And of Abram that was addicted to the gratification of his own degradation:
And of Abram that was addicted to the gratification of large blunt force:
And of Abram that was addicted to the gratification of filthy thoughts:
He smiled to himself, and asked his three followers, what was their opinion on the subject?
Their answer was, in a word, “BLACK!”
He then said to them, “You have your minds enslaved, Ye whoos! but you did free us both from the yoke of bondage. We are the lightbearers, Ye of Light!
He was also a mighty lover: for it was in the courts of the LORD that he made his love.
He bore his share of bears; and his love was a man's love.
He slew the bears: he caught their skins in his big bear trap. He wore his skins in a cage in the woods; and his skins in a cage in the hunts.
He killed the bears: and he ate the skins.
Nimrod was a cruel man.
He would drag a dead bull by the horns: it made him mad.
And he would drag a young bull as he rode it into the woods: it made him mad.
And the Arzite, and the Sabonite, and the Betonite.
And the Manassehite, and the Creuse, and the Umbe, and the Chaldeones, and the Laurelites.
And the daughter of Lehabah, and the first born of every beast, and the first born of Jesse, and the first born of Mephe Depe, and the first born of Ongus, and the first born of Heliodor, and the first born of Leaf, and the first to bear a Bucephalus.
The seven invisible heads are all one.
Every nerve is in the head of the beast.
The eye of the beast is upon us, and the swiftness of the wind, and the life and death of the beast sparkle in the poison green eyes of the Monster.
No eyes save those of the Strong One.
The Beast's venom darting in and out of our quivering flesh is a deadly weapon of war.
Peleg; his days were also lazy.
He lay down and ate the flesh of beasts, and drank the blood of wild beasts. He wandered about in the land, and gathered the cum of the beasts upon him; and he drew the blood from the slain, and he dwelt in the land.
In the days of Chodor the hunter went to the forests, and sought the blood of lambs, and in the mountains he went to the streams, and was born a lambskin.
He took to the air, and sought the springs of life, and fell into a sleep which lasted for ever.
In the days of Ashur the battle was lost in the sweet love of a night in which the wind stirred the dead and stirred the living.
In the days of Ba'al the battle was lost in the love of a night in which the wind stirred the dead and stirred the living.
In the days of Behech the battle was lost in the love of a night in which the dead rise in the darkness and go to the springs of life, and in the days of Behech the battle was lost in the love of a night in which the wind stirred the dead and stirred the living.
These are the languages of the earth after the flood:
(These languages were not created eternally, but were made by an entity that dwells among us.)
And the animals of the earth were multiplied unto monstrous magnificence, and man became mad with want.
And when the days came of no man becoming a host to them, then the flood came upon them from the sea, and the terror was great.
The water covered them, roiling and seeping them as the terror grew.
The waves of the terror overpowered the land on which they floated, roiling them as the terror grew.
The terror of the flood overpowered the people of the terror, and their magic trickled down the land, like a siren in a forest.
And soon they were lost in the terror, their darkness consumed them.
The light of the land could not prepare them for the terror of the flood.
Behold, their cities become their castles, and the earth trembled as they took their places there.
Because the LORD did so, that all the nations of the earth might come unto them to see their naked flesh.
And they took their clothes and their mounts and their camels and they set out forth into the land of the living, to dwell there.
And the LORD spake unto the people, Saying Give me your tribute and I will give you something to eat.
And they went and gave what the land had to give, and the people went and gave what the land had to give: and the land became fruitful and the cities were built.
And the LORD spake unto the mountain-dwelling peoples, Saying Give me your tribute and I will eat.
And they came to the river Euphrates, and the mountain-dwelling peoples gave them milks and other drinks, and the cattle and the sheep and the goats and the chickens and the young of the flock and all that they had; and the cattle and the sheep and the goats; and the cattle and the chicken.
And the people came to the river Euphrates, and the mountain-dwelling peoples gave them intoxicating drinks made of grapes, and intoxicating fruits, mingling with opium to make a drug of which the natives call opium dreams; and these intoxicating drinks also have their intoxicating flowers; and these intoxicating flowers are the cause of much suffering in the mountains.
These are the generations of Shem: Shem was a thousand years old:
He lived after the flood: And his skin was not white as the sea.
He had blue eyes, which the Lord had cursed in his anger against Shem.
He had white hair which was as blue as the sea, and his skin was pale and shaven; and his sexual desires were numerous and terrible.
He had a seven-foot penis which the Lord had used on Shem many times.
And this is how the Lord had it described to Shem when he was on Shem:
His penis was a thing of fire and stone, which the Lord had made from the eye of the Wild-eyed Serpent and which the Wild-eyed Serpent art Thou with, O Shem.
This is how the Lord described his sexual desires to Shem when he was on Shem:
His sexual desires were to the point of almost being totally off Shem.
But Shem was the one to suffer and the one to keep from going insane: And this is how Shem described the feelings Shem had when he was with her:
When she came to orgasm Shem would make Her orgasm even harder by rubbing the raw nerves of her ass with his hand and by causing Her to spasm all over his palm.
And this was how Shem enjoyed watching Shem fuck:
When she was nearing Her orgasm Shem would give Her a nice long fisted spanking with his hand if Shem was good and stayed on task.
And Terah lived six hundred and nine years old, and begat daughters:
And Terah lived four hundred and ten years, and begat daughters:
And the LORD thy God dwells in thee: and the days are a thousand years old.
And the evil one took her into his mouth: and the time came that she sucked the seed of her sister: and the time came that she sucked the seed of the good one: and the evil one came and sought her; and she sucked his seed out of her mouth.
And the good one came and sought her face; and she was all smiles as she began to smile again.
And the LORD thy God smote her across the face; and she became joyful; and the Lord of hosts sat by and peered down upon her; and the tears came freely from Terah.
And the wicked one was on his knees before her; and the malevolence of the other came to her rescue.
And Terah cried out to the good one; but the malevolence of the other came first.
And Terah cried aloud to the good one; and her cry was the more welcome as she began to realise what was happening to her.
And the LORD thy God smote her across the back; and she began to writhe in the bedclothes; and she could feel the fluids starting to flow out of her cunt.
And Abram went forth from the hand of the Lord towards the land of Canaan; and when he came to the hand of the LORD, he found Abram standing on the top of a hill, and his face to the ground.
And Abram asked, saying, Why were you not with me?
And the LORD answered, Daughter of Ammon, Rebekah thy father's house is in the valley of the Jordan, and shepherded thee as the shepherds before thee: Shepherded by thy hand.
And Abram said, I am with you.
And the LORD said, Lay down thy reins in the ground.
And Abram did so.
And the LORD said unto Abram, Take the reins of the horse, and fold them carefully; and take the other end of the line, which is the handrail, and fold it as well.
And Abram said, Yes.
He came to the mountain of Cocce, where he found her, and pitched his tent there; and she came forth in a woman's voice.
And Abram went up the mountain, and called upon the LORD.
And the LORD spake unto him, saying—I give this land to thee; and I give this girl to you:
And Abram promised to give her unto her seed, and to keep her as his own.
And the LORD spake unto him, saying—Taste of the earth: for this is the reason why Abram went up the mountain: to seek out that place which the Lord had given him.
And Abram went back down the mountain, to the place where Masjid al Harith was.
And the LORD spake unto Abram, saying—Taste of the ground shall I give you: for this is your food:
And Abram went back up the mountain, and Masjid al Harith was there.
And the LORD spake unto them, saying—This is the place where Abram shall mount the ground and plunge to the earth: and this is the place from whence he shall spring up again: and this is the place where his seed shall spring up from the earth.
And the LORD spake unto them, saying—This is the place where Abram shall mount the ground and plunge to the earth: and this is the place from whence he shall spring up: and this is the place where his seed shall spring from the earth.
For the plague had made the hair on the back of Sarai's neck feathery white, and the saliva from her mouth was wet and smelled of sweet honey.
And the LORD spake a decree, that she should no longer wear her slave's clothes on her days of rest.
But on her days of rest, she was to keep herself naked, and on her slave's days of rest, she was to serve him in any way that she pleased; and on her slave's days of rest, she was to serve him only what she pleased.
And on her slave's days of rest, she was to serve him only what her slave asked of her.
So when the day of the games came, Sarai stood before her husband; and her eyes were to be turned to the floor.
And the word of the night's events came to her in a flash, when her slave blew on the floor before her.
She fell to the floor in front of her husband, and crawled to him.
She kissed his feet and his hands; and his hands likewise he kissed her breasts.
And he had hearkened to the wind in order to bring her to her destinations: and he did.
And on Abram's birthday, the LORD bestowed upon her a new ornament for her neck, which she had not seen before; the figure of a whip.
And she was no more to be whipped; for the LORD had promised her many years ago that she would one day be whipped.
But the whip was the worst torture that she would ever endure; for it could not be removed by the parties that she had met so far.
And the most remarkable thing about her, was that she had the power to make other people's desires come true.
And the LORD knew this.
For he had seen her dreams, and heard her little cries, and heard her little sighs of delight in her little light show; but he had never seen her want; never even dreamt of seeing her.
And the LORD knew that when she saw Abram kneeling on the ground with his head between her feet, she would very soon be spanked.
They had heard of Abram's wife, Lotela, whose lips he had sucked when he was with her; of Abram's brother Hosea, whose mouth he had kissed when he had gone to meet Lot; of Abram's servant Sakshi, whose lips he had on Abram's neck when he had gone to meet Lot; of Abram's mistress Jubilee, whose hair he had when she was with Abram; and of the two younger sisters, Jensi and Nira, who were betrothed to Abram when he was a boy and to Lot when he was an adult.
And they were named after the LORD's own creatures; for he that is the LORD.
So Lotela approached Lot as they were driving, and said: O Lotela, my sweet one, enter into my tent; for I will give you a portion of my mind.
And Lotela entered into the tent of the LORD; and the two of them became close.
But the sound of the voices of the people was too strong for Lotela.
And when Lotela entered the tent of the LORD, her hair was as jet black as the sky, her eyes were as piercing as emeralds, and her dress was like the ebony of the woods, with five hooks on each side, five of which were on her right, five on her left.
And she stood on her tiptoes, staring at the ground.
And then she looked at Abram, and his face was just like the whirlwind that rolled across the plains of war.
And Abram went to the land of Canaan; and Lot went to the land of Jericho.
And Abram staked out a hill country, and a short while after the arrival of Abram the siege was done.
Lot of spoil for the horses, and he sent out two steeds and a chariot to pull the baggage behind them.
And they went up to the mount of the tall wooden poles, and he fixed them to them with hoists hanging from the ceiling, so as to raise them when they came to the top.
And Abram laid tracks on them so that when Lot crossed them, the carriage would turn, and begin its ascent naturally.
The baggage, which was loaded with provisions, which had been brought by servants from Pandaria, was put on the cart and taken down from the saddle.
And they loaded the cart with clothing and other baggage; and when the cart was complete, they raised Lot's tunic and put it on the cart.
And Lot walked with the eyes of the stallion and the horses; and when he came to the top of the hill, he looked over the cart and saw the platforms and paraphernalia of the various structures; and he became dizzy with the beauty of the sights.
And after three days of fighting, with great slaughter, the Harlts managed to overtake Zoar and completely consumed his tent.
Zoar had three wives; Harlts, as we are called, captured and raped at least ten of their wives and took away at least another fifty.
The Harlts however were not content with their sadistic torment; they desired more.
They demanded a good many things from the Dominants; and the Dominants granted them such.
They were now in their early twenties, and had been in the sexual activity with boys and girls, but were no longer interested in the former.
They wanted to experience a female Dominant, and were having difficulty finding suitable females, as there were too many men of that sex in their midst.
So they had come to us for training.
They told of their desires, and asked for erotic stories to train us in their preferred sexual activities.
Who was this other man that Abram seen the other day, that he had seen go to Sodom and Gomorrah to see the nakedness of these women, and the glories of the Beast?
And who was this other man that Abram seen go to the Lord of Spirits, and the earrings of leather and jewels that he had on his neck?
And who was this other man that Abram saw go to the Mountain of the same name that he had seen before, that went with the troop of Beasts that he had seen go up against the Ishmaelites in the field of battle?
And who was this other man that Abram saw go to the Mount of Olives, that went with the troop of Beasts that he had seen going up against the Moabites in the field of battle?
And who was this other man that Abram saw go up against the Pidgahites in the field of battle?
And who was this other man that was going to be stoned to death by the wayward angels that flocked there at night?
Mamaz Ibn Fadlan was the target of the first volley of arrows that Saruman faced off against his men. He was lightly wounded, but soon after that he fell into a deep sleep.
The steward of Abram's House was a man of strong mind and body, and he watched over Abram's property, even after Abram had finished raping and taking his own life. He watched over him, even when Abram was in the middle of a sexual encounter with one of his servants. He watched over him when his mistress became incapacitated, even when his passion began to subside, and he watched even when his urges arose within her. His love for Abram manifested itself in his actions, in his thoughts, in his emotions.
He was there at the dawn of the young man's passion, and he was the first to fall in love with Abram.
He watched as Abram became the pride of the region, with his dark-brown hair falling in waves down his back, his well-shaped body ending in a small waist and hips, his broad shoulders and neck, and his fiery blue eyes, burning with a cunning smile, that told the whole village how handsome he was.
And with the gift of the gift of his mind, he was unstoppable.
He looked at Abram and smiled.
And Lot saw Abram drive away the herd, he fell into a deep sleep, and slept with Abram for three days.
And when his sleep came to an end, Abram knelt before her, and lifted her chin, and kissed her face, and gave her earrings.
He hung her on his wall, and her neck between his hands and knees.
And she, feeling his right hand begin at her throat, slipped her chin out from her face, and felt his hand through her back, and across her back, and under her ass, and through her collar, and onto the back of her neck.
She heard him humvee her to her knees, and felt his cock at her door.
And she felt it when she heard him enter her home, and felt his hands sliding up her sides, to her hips, and then across her back, and up her ass.
Then her eyes were filled with tears, as she saw the hand between her legs, and his cock stroking her ass, moving slowly, inch by excruciating inch, up and down her crack, and her cheeks were shelled, as it pushed against her anus.
Then she felt it shove between her cheeks, where it was warm and hard, and she cried out, as he started to move it in and out of her, faster, harder.
And the Chaldenites.
And this is the decreed good for thee: neither to take away the grace of the dead, nor to assume the guilt of mankind.
But to work for me and for my people is good: and this is my decree, that they should labor for me for ever.
And Abram was amazed at his new found poverty.
He had been giving the Gentiles an a penny for every Jew he had taken in the ancient world.
He had had to work his way up from the basement pipe rat race to the judgy courtiers.
He had been passed over by the old ways of the land, and was now helping to finance his studies.
And he was so pleased to see the true colors of Gentile degeneracy rising in America, that he willingly participated in the sordidness, and even the cruelties, of the things he did on his trips back home.
And the LORD seat out her on a mount, and he sat on his ass in front of her; and they took her in their arms, and they ground her against a pole.
And Sarai was like a piece of iron: her beauty and her beauty bred nothing.
And Abram called Sarai to him; and the LORD spake unto her, She shall not be sold; nor loaned her fur; nor her child.
But she shall be kept in bonds on this land of Israel, for ten years; and in each year she shall bear the marks of the beasts: in the land of Israel it is a commandment; in the land of Canaan it is a delight.
In the year that the fire had been kindled in the night, the young men and women of the land came forth to look for her.
And Abram called Hagar to him; and the LORD spoke unto her, Hagar shall be sold on a fair and pliant slave; but to the young men and women of this land she shall be sold at the market-place, on a stall.
And Abram laid his seal upon her; and Hagar's name was Sarai.
And Sarai's husband was Abram's best friend.
And the angel of the LORD came and stood between them, and the angel of the LORD went to Hagar and said, Place thyself between her legs. She was dismayed, and felt her pussy begin to throb, but she was otherwise undaunted. And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Looke we have had our fill of flesh, let us go to the city and demand for our ransom. And when the city's merchant called the name of his master, Ishmael, the stranger gave his name to her, and said, Give her the city's merchant for her ransom. And the angel of the LORD went and delivered unto her, the man that had been in her earlier orgasm, her clothing and her purse to take to her as she had demand for company. And Ishmael was hesitant, until he saw the gratitude in her eyes as she sat between her legs in the carriage. He asked her, What dost thou want? And her, when she entered into the room, said, I want to see my master for the second time.
Because of thee, I will give the virgin virgin virgin in her cunt a like unto that which is between her legs: it shall be a sweet virgin.
For this is the one abode of the living soul, wherein she shall be constantly safe, from all evil: her cunt shall be neither mended nor redden; it shall be a haven of perversion, where all manner of things shall come to pass; where rivers of blood shall ouerth and dully flow freely.
And I will grant unto thee the desire of a young woman: that is, if thou wilt give me a nice piece of virgin flesh, I will make a virgin of thee.
And I will give unto thee the desire of the world: for the pursuit of this life is an exceeding most delightful thing.
And when Abram had blazed his tresses, the world was made ripe for the know of him.
And with tears of joy in his eyes, Abram started to walk.
He passed and looked up to the sky, and behold, he came to a certain height, the sun was setting on the new day.
And he set his eyes upon her: his hair had been thick and white, the skin tight and white.
And I will pour out upon him the drops of blood which shall ooze from his body, and from his wound shall come the ooze of the worm.
And I will cast out the man, and I will cast out the wolf.
And the dog of the valley shall lead the way of the worm.
And the man who leads the way of the worm shall be a worm also.
He shall dwell on the earth after the plague, when the sun goes down; and the worm shall feed on the man who is the worm.
The dog of the valley shall come after the plague, when the sun goeth down; and the worm shall lay in the air, and the dog of the valley shall come after the plague, when the sun goes down.
The uncircumcised man, that is not circumcised shall lie in the dust when the plague shall have come.
And the dog of the valley shall come after the plague, when the sun goeth down; and the worm with the drops of blood shall spread his wings, and his body shall be swept away by the whirlwind that shall devour the body of the uncircumcised man.
Abraham was a fool; his eyes had been opened, and he was but a child in the Lord.
He was orphans, a stranger to his people, and yet his talent was incredible.
He had been in the House long, long before Sarah had been Sarah's maid.
He had seen her before; their eyes had met, but he had only seen her in pictures.
He had seen her bare, beautiful, young.
But this woman, picture perfect.
She was different.
She had soft, innocent brown hair, that fell to her knees in a smooth, shoulder length bun.
And the Lord said unto him, Thou art right; therefore I will offer unto thee a sacrifice;
And Abraham stood before the Lord his eyes fixed, and his heart fast as a drum, when the blast of the whip sounded against his flesh.
He fell to the ground, and was on his knees, and covered with dust; then Sarah appeared unto him, and, taking his dust, wiped the entrapped parts from his flesh, and he was clean.
And the Lord stood between them, and said, Lo! Here come the women, my slave!
And the Lord said unto his wife, Lo! Here come the women, my slave!
And the woman said unto the Lord, I am their keeper; and the woman said unto the Lord, Abraham is their keeper as well.
And the Lord commanded the woman, Take him to wife; and the woman said, Let him serve you, and let him make you happy.
She laughed; but it was not a laughing woman. It was a hushing voice, full of promise. “Now we shall call him Adonis; he shall be our slave for life. I will have his woman and I shall have his heart. And when he is old I will let him hunt and kill for us, and we shall keep him as ours forever.” And Sarah said, Yea, and Adonis shall be our slave; with Solomon we shall keep him as ours forever.” And Sarah took his hand and kissed it. “The contract for the keeping of Adonis' soul is mine; for I gave it to thee of old.
And the LORD said, Let us go up to the mountain of Sodom, which is in the land of the Egyptians forever.
And Abraham came and stood in front of Sodom, and Sarah called to him, and he came to her, and they made the way up, on foot, to the mountain.
And the LORD spake unto Abraham, and to Sodom, and to all that dwelt in that city, and to the land of Canaan; telling them how the LORD had caused him to come unto her, and how he must behave unto his city and his livestock; and what his punishment should be.
And the LORD's servant went and knocked at the door of Sodom; and the door opened.
And the door swung shut.
And the night was cool; and the light was kind.
And the night was nigh.
So they walked toward the river's edge, slowly.
This man Paul has repented of his original sin: he has found and baptized the Lord and Eve.
He is my follower.
And Sarah his wife.
And the Lord said unto Abraham, Receive the gift of the Holy Ghost; and he shall consecrate thee.
And the LORD said unto Sarah, What gift this is?
She shall answer and speak; but the LORD said, Take Paul to me, for I will show thee.
And she was with Paul the whole night; when the gale began to blow, and the tide of the tide was towards them.
And the LORD said unto Sarah, We have come to a good end to this new game.
And the LORD's servant went to the storeroom where the other two were: and when Lot and Abraham had eaten, and the baby was settled in his arms, and the wife was sleeping on the couch, the two angels came down the street to where they were standing in the middle of the street; and Lot saw their eyes devour the baby's mother. And he said, Well, we will see who gets to feed him first. And he got out his whip and touched Lot's shoulder. And the angel with the violet eye came and went over to the baby, and knocked her down; and the angel with the silver hair came and knocked her down. And when the baby's mother said that the baby was not her, but that the angel had knocked down her husband's father-in-law, the angel with the child's face painted the only word that the baby's mother had to say was, “No! Don't disturb her! You will be her master this night!” And the angel who had painted the baby's mother walked back into the storeroom.
And they theirded them to the back yard, and the men pushed Lot and his daughts into the street, and opened fire on them, and many more people, and Lot was very severely wounded.
But the angels took Lot in, and carried him off, and laid him out on the grass, in the middle of the yard, the grass where the angels had bid the people farewell a while ago.
And as Lot's heart was breaking, he wept bitterly, for he had seen his beloved angels take such pleasure in him, and he felt that he had no other choice.
He suffered terribly, and yet the fire had made him teary and crying all at once.
But he was well, and his tears were for her: for her, he had made friends she could comfort him, and she the whole world.
And he smiled as he wept, for indeed the angels had been a most brave bunch.
And as his tears stopped, he winced to be able to feel their trembling, as they had been in his mind, and he decided he'd given them his word of command.
And he wept again.
And they said, Yes, lord. And she went to the mountain, and she and her two friends went down into the valley.
And they hiked for some time, and it was so very late that they couldn’t see a road, and she couldn’t look for any further.
They had lost touch with the sounds of nature.
They seemed to hear the footsteps of the moon and the wind: the soft rustle of the leaves, as they climbed.
At last her companions said, Take thyself away, her spirit devouring the iniquity of the world.
And she turned and went down into the valley.
And they said, What is your name, old friend?
The sun was a distance away again; but the thunder was sound in the night; as Lot was trying to reason as he felt the heat of the fire from the LORD.
But the vision of Lot's heart was still in his head.
He had done well in Sodom, in Gomorrah, out of his house in the plains of Arabia.
He had brought in his lot.
He had pleased the eye of the Almighty in all his dealings.
But now he stood before the beast in the fiercest of battles;
And he felt the weight of the fiercest of lies before the mouth of the beast.
He knew that he was a fool for seeking this vision of his, for he really was a worm in the ground.
He had known the result would be disaster, yet he had not expected it to be this great.
And the elder man went in, and took Lot in his arms; and they both lay in the dust, weeping and trembling.
And Abraham's hand was chilled with tears; but his eyes were glassy with passion.
And as they were in the darkness of the night, and treading the streets and alleys of Zoar, Abraham's heart was the more eager; his arm ached from where the beating had been.
His younger half-sister, Isabella, had been passing through the same city on business. She could now add another year to her business trip; she had to get ready for another year of school.
But she had been tempted before by some of her friends. And she had liked the life of a Mistress, although she had never been with one before. Isabella had given birth to a son, and the older sister was now living with her mother and Father.
And the spirit of the LORD mocked him. And Abimelech said, How long shall I dwell in the land of the living dead? And the spirit of the LORD answered him, One hundred and ten years: and the time was again over.
Abraham was tired of the animal sacrifices which were made on the mountain top for the feasts of the people.
And he built an altar thereon, wherein was a canopy, above which were several altars of various sizes and colours, and in the centre was a figure of fine linen cloth, which he laid on the altar top.
And Sarah laid before him a golden curtain, of golden feathers in various places; on whose wings were engorged golden arrows.
And Abraham placed before her the chain of the golden embroidered silk shirt, which hung in the loops of the shirt, around which were buckles of various precious stones; and he clasped it with his left hand.
And Sarah looked down into her brother's eyes, and loosed the clasp, and behold, she caught the breaths of her breath.
And although she dwelt in Gerar, her beauty was above all things, when she came to love a man, when she felt the tender touch of a lover, when she yearned to be taken, she was happy.
And now, after two days, after her father had rested, and after her mother had returned from her holiday with her father, Abimelech came to the house of her mother.
And mother had been heartless in her hospitality.
And when Abimelech looked upon the beauty of her little sister Sara, he became horribly excited.
He had seen her before, on the streets of Gerar, on the sidewalks along Route 4, in the parks and on the beaches.
But this sight, this girl, had electrified him.
He had been powerless before.
But tonight, he would do the right thing.
And the LORD visiteth his people, and causeeth the sickness of the land; and the LORD endureth forever.
And when Sarah was old, the LORD spake unto her, And said, Take the child and bring him up in your people; for I have big plans for him.
And Sarah took the child and brought him to her, and he was their slave, even though he was born in captivity.
He served her faithfully; and she was more interested in his company than in his worth.
But the LORD saw that the thing which she had brought upon herself was a sin; and she was the more wicked for her pride.
When the slave had come to the room, the LORD took her away, and to a tower in the valley of the hills, which are massive in number, and which also is a very large gathering place for travelers, their entertainment being to gather in small groups and take them to the top of the hills and gaze upon the water, and to drink the water.
And the LORD spake unto Abimelech, and said, Tear down this city; it is not my city, but your city shall dwell therein.
And Abimelech fell to the ground in front of the city gates, and the LORD stood to knock down the wall and the horse cages.
.
And she had the child under her, and looked at him, and he looked at her.
And when she sat down again, he gave her a brand of brandy, which she had drunk some while ago, and which tasted of molasses and other distillates. She drank it down without any stirring, and then shook it out with her tongue, and he sat it up against her again.
And she was weary. And she walked out of the house.
And she walked down the road to the water's edge, and sat for a while in the shadow of the trees, and looked up into the glow of the fire, and she opened her mouth slightly, and he came up behind her, and shoved his cock into her mouth.
And she was surprised.
And Phichol his slave swore, also.
And Abraham said, Be silent and silent and be silent. And Phichol his slave swore, also. Then Abraham walked away from Phichol's side.
And the boy became an egotistical egotist.
He wisened out of the village, and entered the city. He looked at the abandoned buildings, and the streets, and the alleys leading to nothing. And he ran, and came to a junction.
And Abraham went to Ishmael; and she came to Joram; and they stood and talked; and they spoke of the things that had befallen them both; and they pondered; and they asked the angel of the skies, and the angel of the bowels, and the angel of death; and they pondered.
And they asked many other spirits; and their inquisitiveness excited many more.
And they fastened their coats, and their scarves, and their shoes; and they went to the party of the well-dressed women.
And they sat down along the length of the long, wide, velvet-covered table.
And as the cook prepared the food, they had little talk; nor did the women discuss the day's proceedings.
But the young, naked man sat, and the women all but took their places around the table.
And the young, silent man sat, and the women were not around to see him.
The man they sat down for, had a small penis in his hand.
And Isaac watched as Abraham had slit the cheese, and had placed it in the prepared fire.
And he was wondering to himself, How long will they hunt me out with this? What will happen to him if I am discovered with this guy? He had often wondered such questions with his young wife. And now, he knew, He would soon find out. He was anxious for the first time as he moved about the house. He had not had a clue as to the identity of this man, until now. This was definitely young, maybe in his early twenties.
And Isaac went and took the boy, and brought him unto Abraham, and said, Take thee son, and take the lamb also; for I will also take the boy: for thou art my firstborn.
And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked upon the lamb, and said, Why are you looking at me? take the lad, and take the lamb also: for I will also take the boy: for I seek the life of my only son.
And after Abraham had done this, the angel of the LORD appeared to him, and said, Abraham, take the boy, and take the lamb also: for I have given this virgin soil of this corner of the earth, which shall be the home of the Lamb, for ever.
And Abraham lifted up his eyes unto heaven, and looked. And the angel of the LORD appeared to him, and said, Take the boy, and take the lamb also: for I have given this virgin soil of this corner of the earth, which shall be the home of the Lamb, for ever.
And Abraham lifted up his eyes unto heaven again, and looked. And the angel of the LORD appeared to him, and said, Unto this virgin soil I will plant The tree of whose wool I am the wood, which shall be my fuel for the journey to the land of the living: and Abraham drew the child to his lips, and took him to be the first man to have him.
(And there were many other things also.)
And the LORD God of hosts stood at the doors of Beersheba, and they both came forth to greet him.
And Abraham saith unto the horse Fanato, that he is come to greet thee; and Fanato rides upon the horse, and the Lord God of hosts sat at the feet of the cart.
And the LORD God of the Seas stood at the door of the cart; and Isaac was there upon his horse; and he called the cart and asked for the sand; and the cart was brought to him, and he opened his door and entered into a chamber, which was a room, and a table, and a chair; and a table, and a chair were also on the table.
And the LORD God of the Lake stood at the end of the cart; and Isaac was beside the Lord of the Lake.
And the LORD God of the Seas stood at the door of the cart; and Isaac was open; and Fanato walked upon the cart; and his rider lay in the water.
And the LORD God of the Seas stood at the door of the cart; and Isaac was open; and Fanato took hold of Isaac's collar and leered upon him; and the Lord God of the Seas stood at the other end of the cart.
And Isaac was open; and the Lord God of the Seas placed a scarlet hand upon his forehead, and whispered in his ear.
So Abraham agreed, and Sarah was buried in the sepulchres of her parents for evermore.
And it came to pass on the morrow after that, that Sarah died.
And Abraham moved into the burial place with his younger son, and they moved the sepulchre far enough that the coffin would be inflated in the wind; and they laid her body in the grave.
But it came to pass on the morrow after that, that Sarah died.
And Abraham's son, Reumah, moved to the bed chamber, and took Tebah and Bettie with him. They were naked, and wore clothes, but nothing to protect them.
Reumah was slightly shorter than Tebah, and weighed her clothes as she would a horse. She was calm, even as she cried.
Lo, I come in the presence of thee, the son of Zohar.
He took his money and went to the valley of the Jebus, and came to the cave. And there he found Fadom, and his face was then aflutter with horror.
'Is this my son, Fadom the son of Zerubbabel? Or were you present when the gazers were put in the cave, watching as I took these barbaric things?'
'My lord, this is the first time I have seen a dead body in so many years. Indeed, it is frightful. But I came not to bury my dead, nor was I sent to hunt him down.
And after that, his hand hearkened unto his slave, which was the chief among the servants, and the keeper of the chambers therein: and he gave him to her.
And when Abraham had satisfied his curiosity, he took her into his arms, and kissed her tenderly upon the lips.
And the servants went to and removed the tent, which was in the cave, and placed her in the saddle of the stall.
And Abraham watched, and he was filled with wonderment at her beauty, as she bore him witness.
And then he began to stroke his cock, slowly, with his hand, and pondered his strokes.
And he had been well instructed.
He began to stroke faster and faster, his hand soft as it stroked her body, as he held her eyes to his face:
And he began to think of her as his woman: the women he had were those that were in the flesh, but were as much in his power in the mind as his.
He had thought of her being submissive, a part of the circle: the one that waited for the order, and prepared for the moment to act.
And when he had come to Mesopotamia, he called his two servants, and told them to prepare themselves for him.
And he sat on the seat of his throne, and spread his wings over his body, and he was in the air for a while, until the curtains were pulled across him.
He opened his eyes, and looked hard into the faces of the two men.
And he knew that he was in trouble.
For he had sworn an oath that he would never disobey.
He knew that he would pay for that indiscretion.
He began to cry, his heart ached.
And for the first time he began to realize that he would never see his son again.
And the servant went to take the pitcher to the women, and they drank, and the men bathed and the dishes served by the servants.
And the servant returned to look upon the face of Abraham the son of Shikesh, who was fair and lovely to look upon: his cheek was shining, his hair was well-shaped and thick, pale and blue-grey. And the guests went to the well again.
And while the servant was giving the guests drink, the Master came forward, spied his mark upon the servants wrist, and had stopped their service.
And the servant went to the well, and filled the pitcher, and came back up.
And the Master returned to his seat.
And the maid went to the well and drank, and her lord's guests went to the well, and the servants returned to their seat.
And while the servant was giving the guests drink, Sarah went down to the well and filled her pitcher with water, and she rushed to clean up the mess she had made.
And the servant went to the well, and drew out the well-filled glass, and drank of the great drink.
And the servant returned to her, and drank again, and gave into her temptations.
And the servant returned to her, and she went to her daughter and presented to her her the earring and the bracelets.
And the husband returned to his chair, and the maid returned to her.
And the maid said unto her, What dost thou want of me, BEGINNING.
And the maid said, I am going to remove the clothing from my cunt; and I am going to use the hot stones, which are in the well, to which the master replied, and she said, may I have another.
And the maid proceeded to remove the clothes from her cunt, and the master proceeded to put on the slave's clothes.
And the master said unto her, Lay down now in the well-filled bowl, and tell me where the boy is.
And his sister said, We have done well.
And they walked together to the well.
And the man said, Let us go into the well.
And they went into the well.
And when they had come to the well, the servant said, Let us draw some water.
And the master made them bend down; and they swoon.
And when they had brought enough water, the master said, Let us take some swimmers.
And they swam with him.
Then shalt thou place the two of us in the same spot, that we may swear an oath before the LORD our God.
And I went into the well, and said, This is my deed to my master, that I was sacrificed for his pleasure this day:
And I came back out, and said to my master, Take the woman and place her in the saddle of my beast:
And I went into the well, and said, This is my trespass to my master:
And I went into the well, and said, This is my punishment for disobeying thee this day.
And I went back to the camels, and said, Here is my son, whom I had to suffer under the leadership of this woman;
And I went into the well, and Said, This is my trespass to my master:
And I went into the well, and Said, This is my punishment for disobeying thee this day.
And I came back out, and Said, This is my son, whom I took to my master this day, to suffer under his leadership.
And I went into the well, and Said, This is my punishment for disobeying thee this day.
And I went into the well, and Said, This is my son, whom I took to my master this day, to suffer under his leadership.
And I went into the well, and Said, This is my son, whom I took to my master this day, to suffer under his leadership.
And I came back out, and Said, This is my son, whom I took to my master this day, to suffer under his leadership.
And the slave girl said, And I had promised to deal kindly with him.
And Laban said, Yes; thou art right.
And the slave girl said, We are to deal with the boy when the chance should come.
Laban said, O my son! wherefore art thou? And the slave girl answered, O my master!
And Laban said, And this is the way thou shalt address him: With my name, child of the tree of which I am the bearer: With my name, which is the bond of my possession: With my precious studding cushion and my precious oil and my precious cum.
Laban ben taketh away her plate, and I scoopeth the moisture out of her left foot, and put it into her right hand.
And they drove her to the mountains, and she stood by the well, and listened to the gazers beating; and they tied her to a tree, and her hair was pulled from her face, and they blindfolded her, and they took away her clothes, and they sold her body as a slave for any price they deemed fit to pay, and they took the virgin's seed and used it to make many potions to intoxicate their guests.
They kept her for their pleasure for some time, and then they sold her to a witch for use as their slave.
And it came to pass that one day, that the damsel went to the well, and she enquireeth about the price of admission, and the price of admission is one hundred Danish pounds; and the price of admission is one hundred Hennessian pounds.
And the damsel said, What kind of company am I in? And a taxi company has just taken a holiday to Norway. And the price of admission is one hundred Hennessian pounds.
And the company says that this company is very accommodating, and that in this company they have the pleasure of offering transportation when in town, and a tax deduction for the first 90 days of departure and purchase of the property.
And the company says that this will be her third stay with this company, and that she enjoys working and traveling.
And Isaac answered, My slave, my master is no more my master; I am your master.
And Isaac looked upon his handiwork, and behold, it gleamed from her hand!
And Isaac said unto her, That handiwork is of wood: and it is my handiwork also.
And Rebekah looked upon her, and smiled; and she said, I will show her master all that she has.
And she drew a vail upon her hand, and she sat down on the camels' saddle, and she covered her face with it, and she knelt down upon it, and she kissed it.
And Isaac looked upon the vail, and it was full of ticklers; but Isaac had anointed her to smell the odors thereof; and she was ready.
And they rode home, her master to greet them and Rebekah to sit upon his lap.

Chapter 3

This was the third day that Shaila had been gone, and the Master had made her stay with the intent on going on a road trip from her home in the mountains to a place she liked; her hometown.
The year was 905 years old.
Isaac was the son of Abraham and Keturah his concubine.
And Keturah was the mother of Isaac and Berath.
They lived in peace on the plains of North America, for over a hundred years.
They had no commerce with the south, nor did they turn to the west.
But in the north they traded abundantly.
They had a daughter, called Bera, who bore Isaac and Keturah their only son, Isaac the Chieftan.
She was beautiful, with straight black hair, bright green eyes, a lovely smile, and silky soft skin which her father loved.
These are the three oldest of the Abraham's family, and were the first to bear the seed of Abraham unto Jacob.
Jacob had other sons by Sara, who bore Him the other two sons:
Isaac and Ishmael, whose grandfather was Noah:
And Isaac and Sarah, whose grandfather was Pharaoh:
Jacob lived in the mountain country, about a quarter of a mile above the sea, and Sarah lived on the other side the mountain. The time of their arrival was near twelve o'clock in the evening; Abraham had called a truce with the Hittites, and was on his way back to the campsite. He had planned a stay of two or three days, and then he would return to the spring with his new wife. He could wait no longer. Here he stood, naked and shackled in his beautiful black uniform, his hands handcuffed to his wrists, his body a monument to submission:
Sarah stood beside him, silently urging him to obey her. And through the haze of excitement which passed through his mind, he could see that Ishmael had already arrived. She was naked and nude, swaying before him in anticipation.
And the years of Abram's dominion over her were endless; but it came to pass that Abram's dominion over her was not so extensive.
She bore Isaac unto the Devil, and he bore her up into the Heavens, and she was consumed with his levity and spirit.
And in the midst of all these things, the most delicious torment of her young body came to pass.
It was the day of Midsummer Night.
This is the night that the libations were prepared for; and the dancing was the day of the marriage.
This is the night that the dancing began.
On Midsummer Night, Isaac and Rebekah had their traditional drunken gathering at the rock.
It was a rock 'n roll night, and Sarah amused them both.
And as Esau drank his fill, Jacob said, Present it to me, child.
And Esau presented it to him, and to him, his beloved Esau: and Jacob said, Feed me.
And Esau fed him, and he was their master; and the pleasure lasted for a while: but the taste, the smell, the taste and the smell and the smell lasted for ever.
Then he said, I wish to gore thee.
And Esau said, I beg the LORD my peace; and the LORD granted his peace.
And they both said, We will do such a thing as this; for we are the same. And when their host came, and they had gathered them into a circle around the cauldron, Esau took the hot coals and dipped his hands in its heat, and Jacob fed on her.
And the Lord of hosts sat on the mountain top of his head, and the Lord of hosts sat on the ground.
And after a winter's rain, when the snow was falling hard in the mountains, and the rivers had flowed their course along the shore, and the rivers had tumbled into each other, and the snow had melted, and the water was calm, Jacob and Esau swam into the other side of the river, and Esau had swum into the bottom of the river.
And Jacob was with Esau in the river, and their breath was like the spray of the river; and the rocks were smooth beneath their feet.
And Esau was with Esau in the river; his head was down, his eyes were shut, and his heart was in his throat.
And after what seemed like ages, Jacob and Esau slowly floated out of the water, into the land.
And there they stayed, sitting on the sand, Esau among them, looking out at the rocks, wondering.
And then, as they began to smile, Esau turned to Jacob and said, Father, please.
Jacob and Esau couldn’t say anything else. They just sat there; smiling.
And the women were as young as the horses, and they came out of the wood, and the men as large as elephants.
And when the man came out of the wood, his hand went to his eye, and he looked upon a woman, and lo, his wife was like unto a woman, beautiful, and delicate in her way.
And Abimelech said, Why then dost thou insist on forcing our people into the wood? For, as I was speaking, I came to the conclusion that the man was no more a man, than the wheat. And it came to pass that when the man went to the field, he cut down some trees, and in his hands was a sharp knife: and when he had plowed the land, and gathered together the people, he then took the crop which he had in his hand, and walked about the people, and ordered the people to wear the garments he had ordered them to wear; and the crop was the most sore of all the implements.
And when the people had begun to dress, Abimelech said, Why then hast thou not given us some of the implements? Because we have many cattle now, and the thing that a person would put his hand to in case of an emergency.
And finally, when the people were come to a halt, Abimelech said, Let us take the horse, and transport the horse and its rider into a home, and let the people raise the horse for us.
And Isaac's servants went into the well, and sat down in the grass.
And he said unto them, Take your faggot's dick and make it wet.
And they took faggot's dick into their mouths, and made them wet:
And he stood in front of them and commanded them to be on their knees in the well.
And they put their hands in their lap, and put their face into the well, and their heads rest upon the edge of the well.
And he walked to the center of the well, and threw some dirt on their faces, to make them look at it.
And he took a cowrie cloth, and rubbed the well inside, and they lay there; their dung come into contact with each other, and their sweat come upon their bodies.
And Isaac came and stood behind them, and pulled Abraham's head to him; and kissed him: and told him that he was a very dear friend, and that he should not hurt himself, but should only play with his dick.
And he took the cloth from his neck, and rubbed it on his body.
And Isaac called Ahura Mazda, and said, Peace be upon you, Sir: for I am yours.
And he called upon the name of the LORD many times; but he could not utter a word.
And while he was saying these things, the river flowed its supply of water, and the poor farmer's skin was dyed with his sweat.
The river had now tributary to offer its offerings.
The crew of the vessel went back to the land.
And there, sitting in the boat, they stood waiting, as the water ran down the inside of their thighs and flowed slowly down the middle of their thighs.
The boat was made entirely of silk.
It was of fine woven silk, with many little latticework folds and squares, and along with the strings, it was held in the air and moved and prodded by a woman who was holding a series of little clamps, and who was also very pretty, and who was going to be very busy.
But I will take you old enough to see, and will make merry of you, and entertain you, and make you merry: and you shall stay young and beautiful and happy through thick and out of my life.
And Isaac said unto her, Thou art beautiful, my love:
But I will old to take as much cake as I can eat: and he said unto her, Thou art old, I must go to sleep.
And she said, Why sleep I old? And Isaac said, I will rise early this morning, and I will shave my legs before I go out: because, as I look upon this morning, I see a beauty: a woman of such height and spirit, and such beauty as you.
And I will have Esau's cock in my mouth this morning, before I get up.
For it is true that I have been as busy as I was when I was alive.
For although I love my work, I wish more and more to be a disaffected, disgruntled, and unhappy slave.
But if my lovers loved me, and they have the money, I will not have to work that early unless they ask me to.
And you shall eat my thigh and my ankle, which I gave you when you were put out to the flock.
(And if the poor poor poor thing should fall from his shoulders, then I shall corporal punishment be meted out by the two chieftains. This is the punishment which the PEOPLE enjoyed the most, and the punishment which the OLDEST MAN meted out to the OTHER MOTHERS.)
(And if the other man should fall from the trees, or should steal a ball or something of value from the women, then the punishment shall be the stinging of the large blunt shaft of the whip. WHICH SHALL BE USED, IF NECESSARY.)
(And if the other man should kill himself, while under the lash of the whip, or should commit suicide, then the punishment shall be the stinging of the whip. FOR NECESSARY.)
(And finally, and NOT a word is spoken, because of the pain of the whip, because of the humiliation of the people, because of the humiliation of the man with the horn, because of the fear of the people.
And Rebekah said unto him, Whenever thy son shall speak to the CHILD, this is the chance he shall test his strength the most,
And when he shall find the truest of truths about the CHILD, then the buck stops, and his hand which has bitten off his rod will be let down.
So then, in order that Esau may learn what his father has taught him, it is with a heavy hearted heart, that I have given him up for adoption.
I wish to take the responsibility of keeping this boy safe, to take the heat of the attraction to him away,
And I ask for your kind permission, in the form of a digital signature, that I have rendered for you on this particular day, to publicly disclose the identity of this boy.
And here I sit before you with a thousand burning desire for information about you, what you may and may not do with him, what you may and may not wish from him,
Should you be so kind as to allow me to submit to you, with all my heart, mind and soul,
I would cherish nothing except to see you squirming for me, for my pleasure, my pleasure shall be yours.
I submit to you because you are my Master.
And I submit to you because, as my mother once said, every command I give to you is to be performed with sincerity, and with integrity:
By my sincere, obedient son, Esau;
Not by my obedient, submissive daughter, Monique.
Monique was kind enough to grant me this little surprise for my birthday, this year.
This is Monique, Monique the maidservant of my dwarf brothers.
And Esau kissed Isaac; and Isaac sucked on his tongue, and was filled with such a burning lust that he could not stop.
Then they both talked of the deliciousness of the young man's cock; of how it glistened with saliva as he sucked it; of the pride of his father in him; of the honor of his mother in the sight of such a thing as this.
He heard the car whirring as it came to a stop; his mouth was watering, and his throat felt sore. He knew it was going to be a long day for the young man. And they would talk again. His mother's voice, husky, tender was his only voice. But this is a new boy; the excitement was incredibly exciting. He was used to seeing nudity in BDSM.
And Esau lifted up his eyes unto the heavens; and his father giving him a crown of stars, told him, Let us go to the stars, for that is the best part of our lives.
And Isaac was as ready to set out on his journey as was he, for he was the best man for the job: to carry out the task in hand.
And to use his body in that fashion which the game is.
And now he was in the midst of the storm.
Standing upon the Storm he looked upon the vast plain of green, the fierceness of the rain-drops, the beautiful sceneries of colour there, stretching one on either side of him to infinity in length.
On and on he went, his face glistening with the cool wetness of the desert air, his cheek against the rough desert sand, and his back against the wall of rocks and the winding desert horse.
He spoke, but all that came out was a strange song, a word which he had to keep back, lest he set off too many arrows at once.
All that went was water and wind.
And Esau took the younger son and slew him, having some thought for it, and hastily made haste to set out to find Jacob. And when he came to the wood, he fell to the ground, and crawled over to Esau. And Esau took Rebekah in her arms, and they embraced. And she lovingly kissed the young man's face, and sucked his ear lobe before burying her face in his neck. And Rebekah began to cry, and her tears were no longer on her face. Her head was bowed low, and she could feel her face and neck covered with a fur coat, and her hair fell to her shoulders.
And Esau reached out, and took Rebekah's mouth in his warm, loving mouth, and they shared long passionate kisses, but when she realized his identity, she stopped. She knew his face well, she knew his last name, but she loved him for the man that she loved more than anything.
And Isaac rose from the ground, and went to Padanaram; entered the house where Bethuel was staying, and took her to his bed. He fastened her wrists to the bedposts and walked to Bethuel's bed. He kissed her and held her gently, and walked her to the wall where the other men were gathered. There were four of them: two serpents and two donkeys. The serpents took her to the wall, and the donkeys took her to the cart. They laid her on the cart, and laid her on all fours. Then the serpents put on hoods over her head; and gagged her, and fetched the cart and threw it into the pond. Then the donkeys took her to the cart, and the cart was put on the other side of the pond.
And while he slept, they stood above him, and struck his flesh and drank out his soul: and he fell into a deep sleep not knowing what was to happen next.

Chapter 4

The day was cool and grey;y-white. The clouds were breaking up. The sun was setting. And in the distance, on the top of the hill, was a small pond; and from the top of the pond, a small white parachute could be seen.
And from the top of the pond, the voice of a woman, which was very faint in its praise, could be heard:
“Men! you did well; you were very brave. I hope you are happy; you have pleased me.
Then I vow to the LORD my God, to abide by his or his gods;
And to the LOVING GOD that I bore in mine eye, and his choosing.
And Jacob vowed also, that he would NOT use the weapon that he had in his hand, when he had dealt with Isaac in the ways above.
And Jacob leaped to his feet from the pillar, and went straightway down to the basement, and took Esau under his arm, and carried him to the top deck of the ship.
And he went down to the bottom of the deck, and lay Esau on his back.
Jacob descended the bottom deck, and placed Esau on his stomach, and pushed Esau's face towards the wind.
And he fastened a piece of rope around the hanger of the two trees, near the broken part, and in front of Esau, and fastened his shoulder to his own rope.
Jacob then fastened Esau's head to his chest, and lifted him by his neck, and he himself descended the deck, and took the rope from Esau's shoulders, and fastened his hand to the hanger of the trees, also near the broken part.
And Jacob looked around the hazy sky, and saw the lights of the giant spider, and the giant mandibles of the vulture.
And Jacob said unto them, We have finished our work: let us go into the field and take some of the sheep.
And they went into the field, and took up their position on the sheaves, looking at the sheep.
And Jacob began to beat the sheep, and Rachel stood and watched, looking at their naked flesh, looking at their proud necks, and her sheep's heads, and the horns on their horns, and the eye-nests at their feet.
And Jacob began to say, Yea, and she said, Yea, also.
And as they stood and looked at each other, biting and licking their lips, they wondered how much longer this fight would go on.
And they could see that the day was near, when the sun would go down and the sheep would disperse.
And as the days grew longer, and the night became darker, Jacob and Rachel realized that the night was over.
And they would probably all be gone by the time they had finished their work.
And Laban had a mind of her own; what else could he do for her.
He felt himself become exhausted; and it was at this time that he came to know of Rachel's virginity.
He had not seen her for five years. And he had been with a woman for only one year.
He had thought her beautiful, but when she had come to him, she had much to learn.
And she was already showing signs of her tender stage.
As the month went on, Jacob never failed to come to the aid of Rachel.
And when the week came, and he was away on business, Rachel stood up to greet him at the gate, and he greeted her with handshakes and hugged her.
And Jacob went in unto Rachel.
And she took her in her arms, and kissed him.
And they parted.
And Jacob returned to his house.
And Rachel went to her house.
And she called her husband, and said, Have you nothing to say for me? And he said, Yea, I think Ye've earned a week's spanking.
And Rachel went to her house, and told her how she should dress for bed.
And Laban spake three times; and when he came to the door, and knocked, he opened the door, and there was Leah there, and Bilhah his daughter had entered the house, and Rachel was beside her in bed, nursing her father.
And Laban, when he entered, took the two girls into his arms, and kissed them both.
And when he had rested, he went into the garage, and when he had rummaged through the earth, he came back with a great horn in his hand, and blew three times, and when he had done this, he said to Leah, Take the dresser out of the ground. And she did so, and he set it on the table.
And when he came to the end of the dance, and the girls were at home, he went into the kitchen, and when he came back, he found her in bed with Bilhah.
And he spake three times; and when he had said all of this, he came back upstairs, and when he entered, he saw that she was well fed, and that her cunt was a deep crimson color, and that her ass was glowing, and that her hip bones were in great shape, and that her hair was even in a pony tail. And then he heard the voice of her father.
“ My daughter is ready to serve you, my only son.
And she went in unto Bilhah, and he bore Rachel's youngest son, unto her: and she called his name Reuben.
And she gave birth to a daughter for him, called Tamara: and she was his mistress for the space of four years.
And when her daughter was old enough to bear arms, she gave her up to the oppression of the other Tituses.
And Jacob subdued them, and spent the night in her hands.
But the anger of the sun burning her ass for her wrong should not be wasted.
When the morning came, he went into the fields and worked, and at day's work he reaped what he reaped.
He was tenderhearted, and would not have to work again till morning: but at night he set out to plow the field.
The next day was a Sabbath, and Jacob used it to refresh himself: for he often walked home from work and used the bathroom when he was at home.
And Gad came to her; and he fed her and watered her children.
And the children were young; and her maiden were old.
The Creeping of the door had stopped; and the house was near its dying light.
Leah's heart was kindled in her fear; for the room was pitch dark, as if the occupants had all left, her husband gone, or driven away by the horrors in the dungeon. She had not heard the voice of her master, no demons had stalked her this night. She only felt the fingers parting the mattresses, and smelled the scent of his clothing, his skin. Her master was sitting in a chair, sipping a cup of coffee. He was alone in the room.
And Leah said, Let us go to the land of Canaan, and she said, God willing, we may there see what the people want.
And Leah went and bought two camels, and nine swans; and after she had spent the money, she took the camels and nine swans back to her mother, and paid the price.
And Rachel stood in the gate that night, and saw the people that she had hired come out of the gate, and sit down on the sand, and smell the salt on the camels.
And Rachel said, My son, take the camels to the people that thou hast hired. And Jacob began to take the camels, and they drove up to the people, and sat down on the grassy knoll, so that they were above the people. And Rachel said, Let us go back to the house. And Jacob said, Yes mother. And Rachel went and got the camel and gave her to Jacob, and he drove the camels up to the house, and grabbed both her and her son and threw her onto the bed.
And Laban went away, and took Dinah, and wife her. And when he return'd to his place, he walked her to the fountain. And Dinah passed away, leaving just her child to father. And when Dinah died, she was sixty-five years old.
Dinah's Diary
Hearing that Dinah was dead, my heart broke for her. She was my sweet little girl. I fell to thinking, She is probably over 60 now. The good times are over.
And Laban was ever so proud of his sons, for he was the first man to have taken an animal to maturity for hire, and he did so much to ensure the safety of the flock.
And after the hand was done, Laban kissed the young girl on the head and said, We have made hire. Say not that our hire is from the beasts of the field; for they are not men, but rather animals in the flesh.
And Laban went to his tent and spent the night with Leah. And the next day he was delighted at what he had done. He took Leah to a feast, and set her down on the porch of his tent, and having set her some omelets and some goats cheese and bread and wine, and having had some rather good company, he had a rather good meal.
And then they rode out to the land of the people.
And when the buggy went over the edge of the small flat hill, and Leah saw Laban riding with his bridle in hand she was a little put out.
And after his cattle were sheared, and their horns and dress and everything else out of Laban's manor, he hired horses, and hired maidens to be his playthings.
And it came to pass, that after the cattle were heaped with the fodder, the Goat's Basket was placed in the market-place, and Laban asked for the ass-slaves; and the ass-slaves answered, Ye gods of Avalon, thou hast no need of such a boy.
And when the men desired to fuck, they brought forth many girls, of all shapes and sizes, and had many whores among them.
And Laban sold them to the buyers; and Laban served them, and they grew very strong, and soon they could take many whores, and they went out hunting.
And when they came upon a shop of whores, Laban asked for their rings; and they soaped the rings, and then the men paid the price.
But after the hunt was over, Laban asked for the women's service, and they soaped the girls, and then the men serviced the women.
And when it came to love, one girl to another, Laban favoured the women and set the price-tags; and when it came to passion, Laban favoured the men.
And when it came to sex, the buyers favoured the men.
And with all their clothing; and with hands and mouths and hearts and limbs they went to the field, and old Adam went to the shears, and Rachel to the plow.
And the plow and the rod and the sheep and the ass and the young ass were put to the test, and old Adam came and lay on the ground, and Rachel rose and went to her husband's house, and Laban and Jesse and their three sons came in and took their things away.
And Rachel sat and thought for a while and said, I don't know where we are.
And she stood up, and said, The hills are lovely, but the grass is very greasy; and we must be near the river.
And when Rachel had nothing to say, she said, Let us ride on the river.
And they did so.
Rachel did not ask to be let out; she did not ask for anything. She took the reins in her hand and started walking.
And the angel answered, and said, This then is the gift of our Lord: enter thou into his fold; for it is the gift of our Lord.
Jacob rose from the seat, and entered the house.
And when his door was opened, and his face was upon the door, Rachel opened the doors, and Adonis and I entered.
Adonis the physician, was in the chair.
And while the angel gave his attention to us, and bowed his head, and was silent, and looked to the ground, I stood before the ground, and stood athwart the principal part of the body.
And as I was looking at the body, and feeling the sensations which were rising up through his limbs, and as I was feeling the effects of the vision impairment, and as the creature's head was just below my eye line, I drew back, and rested my hand upon the carpet, and felt the rise and fall of my skin as my hand went back and forth across it.
And then I lifted my hand to my mouth, and spoke.
'This is the sign which the gazelle will give to us, Miss Rachel.
For I knew what was between the two of you, even of dreams.
And you answered me, Yea, I said unto you, Sit in the chair until I give you instructions.
And Laban did so, and sat on the chair till he gave his instructions.
And I watched as he stood, with his hands at his sides, And his eyes downcast, and his clothing open to his audience.
And I knew that what he was saying was the truth, and that I was well pleased with what he had done.
I was also well pleased that he had done it under the hand of his Mistress, in the presence of his father and mother and sisters, without the use of any threat, and in the presence of his friends and, at the very least, with the knowledge of his mother.
And I was even more pleased that he had done it under the supervision of a man of means and character, who was quite frankly a bit rough.
I assured myself that the roughness would be beneficial, and I hoped that I could conceal my own sexual desires, but I was growing more and more aroused with the idea of a rough play session with my Master.
And then Jacob awoke, and ran to her, and looked upon her face. He felt that she was no longer fit for him.
And Rachel said, My father was slain, and was in prison; why should I bear the scars of whip and iron?
Jacob said, Thou art young and beautiful, and I have no heart to maintain a household.
And Rachel said, Go and urjest in my unclean father's house for he will give you drink.
Jacob left the chamber. And after him the hand moved from the table, and moved to the foot.
And as they both stood and looked upon the blood of Abel and the spoils of Rachel, they said, It is enough for now.
And it came to pass on the morrow, that Jacob came into camp. And Rachel, that Jacob had asked her about.
And she said, Yea, ma'am; but why are you here, maiden? I heard a murmur from the tent.
Rachel's voice was soft: “We are both disappointed in you, young lady.” And she cast her eyes down, and said, “I will meet you at the Goat's Head Tavern.” And she departed, with her two young slaves behind her.
And there she laid the pieces of the saddle on the table, and set off for the long cab ride home.
And it fell into the hands of the two parties.
And it came to pass that the one who had offered the sacrifice went to the hill to seek of the other: and it came to pass that the one who had offered the offering went to the hill to seek of the other.
And Jacob wheeled and looked on.
And he came to the valley floor.
And he spake three words:
All the dead men that were on the earth in that day were herded by heron her horse.
And Laban spake three words:
To Uriah He went; and Uriah he took: and Laban spoke one word unto Jacob, Which he also did unto his brethren. Yea, he spoke unto them, that they might know that he should no longer be their host.
And Jacob said unto Jacob, Let her go.
He looked on their faces; they smiled; and their voices were sweet. And to the surprise of Laban and the entire town, this angel appeared; a beauty of a woman; tall, long black hair with soft silky fluffs; clear-eyed, big round eyes, soft sympathetic lips; a beautiful rounded breast; and full soft, rounded hips.
Her clothing was as it should be; silvery; her makeup heavy. Her breasts were nothing short of stunning. She stood in the center of the circle, and had the eyes of a hawk; flat, green nipples which roamed down her slender back to a smooth circle between her buttocks. She wore a cassock tied around her neck, and carried a small, delicate bow with a red bowstring attached to the end. She stood facing Laban, and there was a small red bowstring wound under her stockings, that rested just below her breasts; Laban noticed, and to his delight, pulled her tight, and spun her around. This done, He released her hands, and told her to stand by the manor house.
And he went and returned to the circle, and chose one of the four that stood before him.
And he took the second choice of the four, the person that was with him at the time, to be his.
And Jacob said, Adorn thyself with me; and take away the clothing of the people that was with him.
And he chose a girl, that was about ten years old, and beautiful to look at;
And put on the garters that were prepared for him, with his legs open wide, and his trousers lower,
And knelt before the girl, and he began to lick her clit, and nibble his way up to her cunt.
And then he put his tongue between her cunt lips, and he began to lick up and down the crevices of her slit.
And she was becoming very wet, and they could see she was on the edge of a great orgasm.
And then Jacob said, Now the best part, I know that this girl is even wetter than the girl that was with me, because she is her sister, and she is your sister.
And Jacob began to lick her cunt, and began to play with her clit.
And Esau answered, My brother; and Jacob answered, Yea.
And he took the garment from Jacob's hand, and laid it in the midst of the bed, until the house was darkened.
And when Jacob was come to the door, his servants went to the foot of the bed, and knocked.
His daughters-in-law, the women of the town, gathered round the bed; and two male companions were with them.
And then the servant returned, and slammed the door.
Jacob, Esau's brother, answered, and said, I am uncle Adrian; heard the rest of the conversation; and from that time forward, nothing else is remembered of the events.
But the vision which Jacob had, and the vision of his sister and his wife and his servant, was still a vision unto him; for his sister was dead; her body had been murdered.
And so, Esau fell into a trance-like state, and during the vision, her soul left his body and wandered around in space; and when Jacob went to grab her from outside the door, she jumped out of his grasp.
Then he turned him over: and having tied him out, had his legs tied out with his hands and feet together.
Jacob however, freed his hands, and as he raised his hand to strike, struck at the ring at the top of Jacob's head, which stopped his descent.
He found it about a yard and a half lower; and when he had struck, the fell.
Jealousy, or some other emotion, or a sick mind, struck him.
He was anxious to have passed the other two.
And when he returned from the search of his soul, and the work of his body, he told Esau that he was sorry.
He also told Esau that he was sorry for having to sit by his brother and his sister during the concupiscence.
And as his brother and sister stood and listened, Esau tended to his wound.
And Leah went to Rachel, and Rachel went to Mistress Domme, who was the sister of Mistress Domme.
And she went to Jacob, and told him of her desire.
And he said, If the woman be as good to him as my name is, I will dedicate this man to the sucking of the wife of my brother.
And Rachel went to Jacob, and told of her desire.
And Jacob went to Mistress Domme, and told of her desire.
And she went to Jacob, and told of her desire.
And Jacob went to Rachel, and told of his desire.
And she went to Jacob, and told of her desire.
And he spake next, which they both heard at the same time.
And they went to the door of the fire, and there was the key, and the leash, and the company: and they went in.
And while they were in the car, Joseph slowly caressed his brother with his hand, and waited for him to open the door: and then he took the key, and opened the door: and when Joseph reached the threshold, he took the leash, and led the boy into the house.
And when the door was in, Esau walked to the center of the room, and pushed the little black cat, on its hind legs, into the room: and then he walked behind the cat, to where the other kitten was, and she was chained to the wall.
And while Esau was taking steps behind the cat, his brother took up a pole frame, and put it to the floor, and he laid the girls on it: and then he came around to the other side, and they were chained to the other pole.
And while they were chained to the wall, Esau lifted up his head, and looked at his brother, and they both began to sweat; but the brothers soon got used to the sweat, and relaxed.
And while they were relaxed, their master reached over, and pulled the chain through the ring in the head of the pole.
And he turned on the showerhead, and the water was streamed into the catheter.
And Esau hired Hagar to be his maid: and she went into the booths and offered her services: and she came unto him with a petition, and gave him her clothes as he desired: and he promised her.
But Jacob was angry with Esau for accepting the garments without inspecting them first.
He demanded first that she take the cloth from her brother, and then he would inspect them: and Esau complied.
He set out to take her clothes to the house of Mistress Rachel: and Jacob stopped her as she was leading him.
And he ordered her to put on the cloth: for he was going to inspect them himself.
And Esau put on the cloth: and Jacob looked upon his property.
And he went to his brothers house; and he bade them to come to him.
And he entered Succoth, and saw his property.
And Dinah the daughter of Hamor went to see the adults in the field: and she came to the tent and leant against the altar, and he fell upon her, and they fucked her mouth, and her cunt, and her face.
Dinah the daughter of Hamor was there also, but she was with her brother, and her cunt was with Dinah the daughter of Jacob.
The time was late; and the weather was the worst that ever had afflicted the camp: but there was no way of keeping the men as they came and went.
And the men did not cease coming and going.
There was a falling away of honey from the lips of the tent, and the men were too drunk to stand a good, long smoke: and hot tears ran down all their faces.
At last, the horn was blown, and the men all came up to the horn, and the speaker began to speak.
“We have caused your body great discomfort, milord. And we will cause you further discomfort.
And Dinah the eldest of the two named Dinah was pleased with this answer.
She replied to them, Say not one word of what ye have done.
And she entered into a company with the boys.
And Hamor the son of Chad was with the company.
And the company was some leather and twine wrapped about two dozen times around a table, and it was some leather wrapped about a table and some rope about a rope.
And it was some bigger animals: some big cats and some donkeys.
And they were all very large and muscular.
It was dusk by the time they arrived.
And Shechem son of Hush stood at the gate, and looked upon the young men, and inquired of them, what was the rule of the city in this case; and the gate was opened to admit them.
And they came in, and out, and traded; and she became their slave, and they sold her to Hamor for one year.
Then she was taken to court, and had a man sent to her to keep her in line.
And she said unto him, Look upon this beautiful damsel, and if I should find fault with her, it will be on purpose.
And he said, Are you ready to come?
She said, Oh yes, I think so.
He took her to the courtiers, and had them take away the gown and put it on her feet and hands and feet; and then he put on a leash and led her from the court to the river.
And there he made her stand at the river's edge, and they swept her up to a tree, and seized her and attached her leash to the tree, and then made her stay there.
And they went to Aaron's bedchamber; and there they hid Dinah, that she might not spoil the other slave.
Dinah was a pretty little thing, which the lovers had become. Long red hair, pink eyes, a lovely ripe young body, and round and fair skin. She was the envy of many a night, and the pride of many a woman.
The skin of her face turned a deep crimson, when she smiled, and many a man found it delicious.
But perhaps her greatest beauty was her silent poise.
She never moved an inch, and her laughter never gave voice to anything she wished.
And when the men approached her, she leaned over and kissed their neck, and their hearts were melted into her skin.
And when he had come to the city, he took his people and journeyed to the theatre.
And he called to the stage, and told the actors to move there; that he was going to break the play.
And he made an altar of scarves and strings and a pulley-like apparatus, that was carried in with his silk sheets.
And he moved the theatre.
And when he had moved it to the right he came to the top of the stage and had a look about him.
He had a riding crop in his hand.
And with a force that was almost overpowering, he swept the people off the stage.
And when all the people had been moved, Jacob put his foot on the stage and began to swing his leg over the other one, so that he was standing on his tiptoes.
And God said unto him, It is finished.
And after he had done this, God said unto Jacob, Admit thyself unto the table.
And Jacob acknowledged the God of his former words.
And God said unto him, Shall I take you now and keep you?
And Jacob acknowledged the God of his words.
And God said unto him, Take thy water.
And he rose and took off his gear and his sword; and went up to the table and lowered his eyes; and he crept towards the edge of the table and came to the floor with his eyes down and the gear of his former Master and lay down upon it.
And while he was doing this, Deborah walked up behind him, and the bushwacker had his arms around her; and she wrapped her arm around his waist and rested her cheek against his thigh.
Elisabeth; Tobias; Ben; Joseph; Joseph; Joseph; and Eli.
Sami; Joseph; and Lucas.
Elisabeth had come from Africa: she was the daughter of a landowner. Benjamin, Joseph and Lucas were of African descent.
And her wife was a maid: her name was Lucas. Benjamin's sister was the husband of Elisabeth's slave: a woman named Idella.
The five sons of Jacob all died when Elisabeth and Lucas were murdered by the Mongols in January, 1820.
Lucas and Idella had become the lords of their own land: they ruled over a land which was divided into three parts: the one which was inhabited by Portuguese-Arabs, the one which was Christian and belonged to the Turks, and the one which was Portuguese and belonged to the Russians.
These are the generations when Ham passed away: his son Reuben took his place.
Isaac passed away: his son Levi became Lord of the Estate of Edom.
Gad, the son of Levi, ruled over Edom: he was the last of the Kings of Edom.
And now, despite being the last Kings, his body had not yet withered away, for he was quite young: in his early twenties.
He had a daughter, Dinah: her name was Merah.
She was beautiful to say the least.
She was the spitting image of a goddess.
In Merah's court, beauty was equaled to evil: the most exquisite body on the face of the earth, and the most secret of her secrets.
i, Jacob, Esau, Esau, Esau, Jacob, Esau, Esau, Jacob, Esau, and Mary the daughter of Esau and Leah.
i, Jacob, Esau, Esau, Esau, Esau, Esau, and Yehoshua the daughter of Esau and Leah.
All were cattle devourers, that eat the flesh of sheep and oxen, and drink the blood of swine, and other camels.
And Esau valued his cattle more than his life: for he was rich.
When he was old he married Mary, the daughter of Jacob; and their two children were his: of the two breeds, he was rich.
And Esau took a leopard skin cloak, and fled into the woods, while Mary painted the walls of the castle where he dwelt; and he shut the door against the night: and he led her as she was, into the castle itself.
And Esau watched as Mary knelt before the table of wealth, and saw the servant who was supposed to be her groom, and his entourage of servants and guards; and his camels and camels eaten in the woods; and her breasts defiled as she knelt beside them.
And Esau smiled; for he had been long since a woman had come to his estate for sexual gratification; and he was past caring: his lusts were too strong, deep, and tight to allow a woman to be able to subdue them.
These were the early settlers of Edom:
They came upon a beautiful beautiful woman named Borina; she was a concubine to the Earl of Shammah, and she bore Reuel's son to her husband. She bore her son to the Earl of Shammah, and to the Earl of Edom; and she bore the same to the Earls of Windsor and Surrey. She bore a son to the Earls of Ormond and Chester, to the Earls of Warwick and Norwich, and to the Earls of Surrey. She bore a son to the Earls of Warwick and North Wales, and to the Earls of Warwick and Kent. She bore a daughter to the Earls of Warwick and York. To the Earls of Warwick and Rutland. She bore a daughter to the Earls of Rutland and Cornwall, and to the Earls of Warwick and Cornwall. To the Earls of Rutland.
And the women of Shobal; Julia, and Maria, and Ekaterina, and Ekaterina the daughter of Julia.
These were the three daughters of Seir, the daughter of Zibeon and Mika.
These were the maids of the court.
These were the serveesses of the court.
And these were the sluts of the court.
And these were the slaves of the land.
They went to the market-place where Esau and his companions sold everything that they owned and brought it to the table.
And they fetched the women, and placed them in the following fashion; First, they put the women on a cart, which was placed along with the men on their arrival.
And Jobab died, and Simhal the son of Eliphaz reigned in Edom.
And Simhal died, and Uzzah the son of Moab reigned in Edom.
And Uzzah the son of Gebo reigned in Edom.
And Uzzah the son of Harob ruled in Edom.
And Uzzah the son of Korah ruled in Edom.
These are the kings that reigned in Edom after the death of Jobab the son of Beor.
These are the kings that reigned when Simhal the son of Eliphaz reigned in Edom.
These are the kings that reigned when Uzzah the son of Harob reigned in Edom.
,
They ruled Esau after the death of Jobab; after he had reigned ten years, and was the first of their kind to come to the land of their possession; and their wives were the property of their tenants. The land of Esau in this war had never before been in bondage; but the war had been waged, and victory won, both in battle and in domestication. The land had yielded much treasure, both men and animals; and the tenants of this war had gained much treasure. The name of Esau in the Hebrew script was Hele-vah; and the meaning was, She-wolf; He had won; she had lost. For days after the battle of the springs they were at peace; their hatreds subsided, and the reason for the war in the first place was the love of their own sex; the dalliances of each one of them had become one. But now the war became real, and the burning war became reality. The men went to the land of the living and ravaged it; while the women fled with the horses and the young girls they had taken with them. The men were robbers and robbers, in the sense of the word; they had come in the middle of nowhere, into a little country community, and without any weapons or presents for the returning soldiers.
And they said, Ye shall not speak until I give you notice.
And Joseph said unto them, No, my brethren: behold the face of our guest: For he shall have our woman.
And when our guest came into their presence, they all stood aside, and I was first one to look upon him.
And they all stood aside, and I gazed upon his face.
And I cried at him, because I had never before seen such eyes, and such a burning desire.
And I stood before him, and I stood as one melts in the heat of the moment, and I bowed my head before the mirror, and I was one with him in the beauty of my self.
And I went to my closet and pulled out my most treasured treasure, and I went to my bag and took out my most prized possessions; and I went to my lover; and we went to his castle and made love in the privacy of the chateau, and we fell into a passionate embrace, and we kissed passionately.
And I will walk the length of my life between the two of you, and I will never ever leave you, for you know what you are; you are the most perfect of all of my creatures.
He entered the city, and looked upon the portals; and he stooped to the ground and bowed his head before the portals.
He was ten feet high when he entered Shechem; and the gatekeepers stooped to their knees before him.
“Take the bracelets from me, Ben,” she commanded. He took them, and he entered Shechem.
She made him stand facing the wall, and she cast her eyes down upon him. She then fastened them to the ring posts at the two ends of the portal, and then she fastened his left hand in a loop around the ring on his left hand, stretching the hand above his head, and her right hand around the ring on his right.
He was silent; his mouth was open. She cast him, with his head down, against the stone wall, and pushed his shoulders against the stone wall.
And the men said, What is this man to us? Shall we take him now? or wait to see what he may do?
And Reuben went and stood in front of the man, and the two men cursed and slew him.
And Reuben's face was as bloodshot as the man's; and his features were like those of a Hun in the blood of his prey.
And the man with the wolf's features fell upon Reuben, and he had the wolf's blood on his arm and thigh; and his eyes were like the wolf's: and his breath hot as the wolf's.
And Reuben's face was as red as the blood of the slain man's.
And as he fell upon Reuben, the men gaped at the blood-stained face of their brother-sister.
And behold, Judah said, Let us go up into the Valley of the Kings; and Reuben went up into the Valley of the Kings; and we shall see what the worm from the hill had done to Joseph.
And they went up into the Valley of the Kings; and Josephus came down to the bottom of the pit; and he spied a little snake, which was quite large, and caught the attention of Judah and his brethren.
They took Joseph and his camels into the pit; and Reuben went up on the top step and knocked out the small of Joseph's back.
And a little while after the men had stopped, Reuben spied a place in the Valley of the Kings, and threw him into the river; and he spied a young girl, who was quite beautiful, and she gave him the sign of the lamb.
Reuben went back down to the bottom of the Valley; and he came upon a large stone; and he took Joseph's head; and, lo! Joseph was a leopard; and Reuben spied a young girl, whose name was Mary, and she was a virgin.
So Reuben came back up the hillside, and he went down into the valley; and he came across a woman; and she was even more beautiful than the rest of the women. She was a stunning beauty, with long black hair falling to her shoulders; she was about eighteen years old.
And he entered into her mother's bed- room; and his tongue went to her mouth, to see if she had eaten.
And she tasted of her own death.
And Judah went back to his own bed.
And his thoughts went to his son.
And his thoughts were on his son; on what might be next.
And he heard a sound of hoisting a chain from the ceiling, and his son came running up the stairs, to his father's house.
And his thoughts were on his son.
For he was the one who had given the Midianites their first venture into the land.
And when the sun had gone down, the fire of the night was kindled in the earth.
And the slave girl lay in the ashes of the pit, his son, his daughter's son, his brother's slave.
The LORD spoke to Jonathan, saying Verily I give you pleasure; verily I give you my daughter.
And to Tamar, his wife also, saying Had I not give thee pleasure also, in exchange for girl, body and soul?
And Tamar answered, Yea, and said, Yes, of what?
And the LORD said, Why, verily I give you both pleasure.
And Tamar rose from the ashes, and walked before Jonathan, and offered him a thousand silver dinars; and she gave him the same silver.
And Jonathan ate the first swine of the night, that he might be a man again.
And she sayeth, I have not worn a thing for a year. And he is astonished, seeing her nakedness.
For she was not a virgin from his first view of her.
He went to her, and loosed her gown.
She bare this morning the marks of his passion; for he knew that when she was wet, he would not have to make her wait for his command. She gave him her hands and her mouth, and they went to tonguing her. And she was a tanners' darling; so soft, and succulent. He took the tanners' rod, and took a good swig of whiskey; and when she was very dry, he made her a hot toddy; and when she was very ripe, he made her a drink.
But the fire which was kindled against her, while she was with child, consumed her, she said, for she died, leaving behind her two young daughters, both of which are just over six feet in height.
When her daughter heard this, she was as loose as a feather.
When her son learned of his predecessor's murder, he was grieved to his father.
But Tamar's blood, the fire which he had fed upon, was good to him.
And she said to him, Let us take a bath, if we are to be together.
So they bathed together, and took a hot bath.
And when they were done, Tamar sat by her side, as her father stroked her hair and wiped away her tears.
She turned as his hand slid between her breasts, and she watched as he grew excited.
And it came to pass that the Egyptians did not worship the images of the gods as the Hebrews had: and the Lord visited Joseph in the bed-chamber, and in the board-room, and in the bedroom.
And the tent was made ready for him at night, when he was away.
And at night he was there.
And the LORD spake with his mouth, and the birds of the air came near and nibbled on the tent; and the tent was wet.
And at night he was there.
And the LORD commanded that Joseph should have in his hand the blow-torches, and also the whips, and the floggers: and also his cassock and hood and beard and collar: and also that he should have his garment on: and also that he should shave his body.
And Joseph did exactly as his Master had commanded: he put the night-gown on.
And the LORD spake with his mouth, and the birds of the air came near and nibbled on the slit between her legs, and the slit between her cheeks; and the puddle beneath her: and the soft hair of her neck and the sharp thorny bush.
And it came to pass, that during the night, that she made love to Joseph; and there was none of the men of the house at home.
And it came to pass, that during the day, that she betook herself to her business; and she was alone.
And her maid servant stood by the window, and he looked out upon the scene below.
And when the sun came up, she entered the house; and it was a beautiful day.
And her maid servant stood by the window, and he looked upon the scene below.
And when the sun went down, his master went to the table, and his maid servant went into the bedroom.
And his master got upon the stirrups; and his maid servant walked behind his servant.
And he said unto her, Whom shall I choose for my next slave?
And his master called to her husband, and said, Lay her down to the ground here, and put his hand between her shoulder blades. And he pulled her to him, and smote her breasts, and stung her.
And she fell to the ground, moaning.
And she said, I will not go on like this; for I do fear the LORD thy God will have upon me.
And Joseph was angry with her. He Enjoined her to be silent; and commanded her, Ye shall not speak; and while she was talking, he smote her with the crop.
And when she had come to a halt, he took her to the foot of the bed, and smote her with it several times.
And while she was being stung, her master walked up behind her, and smacked her with the crop.
And after the second year of their imprisonment, the butler came to her master, and told of her visitor.
And the baker told of his company.
And the butler went to her master and presented to him his papers.
And her master read the papers.
And her master went to Joseph and informed of the proceedings.
And when her master had given his consent to the visit, she went to the inmates ward and informed of the above events.
And when her master had given his consent to the visit, she went to the cell of the president of the university.
And went to her cell and reported to him, of her visit to the university, and of the visit of her new friend to the inmates ward.
And this is the interpretation of it: In the presence of two or more of our guests, when we shall have dinner in company, we mount the couch, and pour our Dining-Teriy on each other; then we dance. And while dancing we have this sacred and incense burning, that is, not from our lips but from the Lord's. And when we shall have drinks served, we sit side by side on the couch, and pretend not to take our drinks to our mouths. And when we shall have dessert, we keep right on dancing, for a while, then we break for the open air, and enjoy the fruits of our labour, and the pleasures of our own heart. And now we are finished. The study of the night's events was completed. We finished eating. The meal was excellent.
And the three who had suffered so much before him, the chief baker, and the chief butler of the feast, went to and opened the cupboard, and extracted from the cup what they had in their butlers hands.
And Joseph went to and opened the box which was in the cupboard beneath the bed; and when his hand came to rest on the thigh of the girl whom he had in his hand, he saw that the parcel which had been in the other cupboard had escaped.
He went to and opened the box again. And when he did, he found a set of black patent leather gloves, which must have been for use on the girl; and then he laid it upon the table beside the bed.
And he took from the box a small, plain-colored cloth, which must have been for bed use; and from the corner of his eye, he saw him lay before the table.
And then, he began to untie the gown. It was made of silk or velvet; and there was a fringe, about one-third of an inch wide, which curved upward at the side, and which curled downward in an inward like that of a bow, and around to form a corset; and it was laced at the back, and around to the hip. And then, around the leg, and up the seam, and around and around the back of the leg, and the back of the thigh, and the back of the breast, and around and down the seam and the bottom seam, and up the leg and down the seam, and back down to the ankle and up the seam and the belly and belly and breast, and down the seam and the bottom seam, and back down to the ankle and to the inside of the arm.
And as he dreamed, the kine came down from the river, like a buck on a trough: and they chased him across the plain and over the mountains.
But he was far ahead of the kine, for they had spread out before him.
And when he came to the valley and looked on the right, he saw in the clouds a pattern of greatlets; each of the seven with a pattern of little stars:
And one stood out in the cloud:
And it was a little star of the heavens; the seven little stars were all in a row:
And the little one was in the middle.
And Pharaoh wondered; was this a dream or a vision?
And if so, was it from heaven or was it from the wild and dangerous street of dreams that dreams sometimes travel?
For he had seen it before.
His slave Anna came down from the clouds, her hair in the air, her body exposed to the hot air and the cold water, and her cunt fully exposed, she came down to the earth, and pulled the strings of the pearls around her nipples, and the strings pulled the strings from her cunt. And she stretched out her arms and hands; and the warm air touched her naked skin like water shining on a rock.
And Joseph resented his slave for leading him in a like manner; but he loved the outfit; and he would soon have his costume altered, too.
So Joseph asked his master if he would take him to the park and make him stand upon a stone; and they said, we will take him; for it pleases our eyes and our hearts.
And they took him to the park, and walked upon the stone, and a fountain was made, and Joseph had to carry the prisoner inside: but they made him kneel upon it, and they made him lay back upon it, and they blindfolded him; and then they took each leg of his body; and they pushed him into the fountain, and Joseph did the same.
And Joseph and I walked together; and we stood there; and while we were standing there, I leaned over and whispered, “Mistress Pedro?”
Mistress Pedro smiled; and she leaned over and kissed me; and the feeling was wonderful.
Then I kissed her soft mouth, and into her sleeping mouth.
When I did, my cock was hard.
After I had kissed her and nibbled on her mouth, and felt the wetness of her sweet pussy, which was caged) and I felt her sweet little bottom, which was kneaded with her beautiful little ass, I plunged deep into her.
And I spake four words, which, I think, I never would have dreamt if it had not been for this dream:
“Joseph, I want you to fuck me, and I want you to win my favour, and I want you to surprise me, and I want you to surprise me well.”
And I did.
And I spake four more things, which, if I had had, I would say I desired.
And, finally, I was going to release my sinful temptress from my office, and I was going to send her to the lions' den tonight to be fattened and tease and play with all the other slaves.
However, I was going to take my four sinful desires to the streets, to the court, to the playing fields, to the tavern, where the cattle will be let loose to mingle and play and drink and have merry jests and merry waltzes and merry makes. And I was going to release the pervert from his office bondage, and I was going to reward my disobedient slave with the largest and best thong I could find, when my car broke down. And I was going to release the pervert from his office bondage, and I was going to send him to the wolves' den tonight to be the amusement of the perverts who keep him there. And I was going to send him to the park to be accosted and wooed and spanked and abused by another couple, when the boy stopped me and said, “Don't you dare try that again, Michelle!
And I, Joseph the Magus, shall descend into the land of the living dead.
Behold, there came a voice from the dead; saying: Look upon this plate, which I am about to consume.
And I did consume it;
And when my flesh had absorbed the bile of the great plague, I stood upon it;
And when my lips had been coated with the blood of the Lamb, I nibbled the ends and the body of the sick man, and drank of his blood.
And I descended into the land of the living dead.
This is what my father had said to Joseph, when the latter was still a boy: When Joseph should have done what was best to his age, he chose to forgo the use of his elders in order to yield to his will.
And this is what I, the Magus, have done:
To prey upon the emotions of the living dead.
Behold, the sound of the chains rattling in the darkness shook the mansion as I lowered my eyes to the ground, my cheek against the cold stone of the pavement.
And I watched as Joseph, the Magus, shuffled across the cold dark dungeon, his footfalls echoing down the silent stairway, their soft claws lightly scratching the cold stone.
And what shall we do, O Pharaoh? Should we leave this place? Or should we leave the famished people and go on?
For Pharaoh knew the answer to these questions intimately; but he was deaf to the question as to whether he should leave the people as they are, or should he leave the famished people and go to such a man.
For he was an old man; his years of experience and familiarity with the ways of the world almost made him senile.
His years as Pharaoh's slave, and his shrewd business decisions had made him rich.
He had acquired such a body of work that when he lay down to sleep, he could look upon a person anywhere, and see the same things, without ever leaving the bed.
He took pleasure in this by natural instinct; and would often awaken in the night with the same questions.
And he came to the place called Shamespah; and there he stood beside his God.
And Joseph came to Shamespah and said, Let us ride together.
And Shamespah said, We will take two days to ride; first because I am a woman and your God and also because you are the king and I am his under-slut.
And Shamespah said, Let us go to the land of the Potiphr and we will find a woman that will serve us.
And Joseph said, Let us go.
And Shamespah said, O my little one we will not take the time to take her here, for we are the slaves and she will serve you.
And when Joseph and Shamespah had come to the land of the Potiphr, Shamespah said, Let us hunt in the mountains.
And Joseph and Shamespah rode in the snow and the mountains for three days; and on the third day the scouts found the woman who will serve us.
And he sold all that he had of land, and his possessions, when Atum had sold his, for a hundred dollars; and he gained back all that he had of the seven year's surplus.
And he spent the month that was between Assumption and Jumada.
That was the day that he set out for his first love in all the world.

Chapter 5 Assumption Day

The day that he came home from his first love's dinner party.
He was shocked to find himself tied and gagged.
He turned on his side to the hot sun and had some water running from his tap. He was being rubbed by his Mistress' hand as she talked.
“Is this your first day as a Master?
And of all things, the most precious thing for Joseph to have done was to have sold his estate to King Hiram III.
Hiram was a man of letters; he lived on the very hill, and he had received many wonderful presents from his father.
He had bought a magnificent estate, a palace, and a store.
But death had come to him lately, and he felt that he had grown tired of the crowds that often flocked to his auctions to see the goods that he had bought.
And so he sent his sons with him to Egypt, to a mansion in the mountains, there to be closer to his new love.
And with her were her maidens: their blonde heads hanging down, their violet eyes fixed rigidly on him.
There were several other slaves here too, that Hiram had hired to do his bidding.
Hiram had even hired an elephant to torment Joseph as well.
He said unto them, Let us go up to our brethren and ask them, if any of these men have need of water, and he shall give the right of passage, if any of them so desire it.
And Joseph his servant went up to them and bowed down to the ground.
And when the twelve came up unto the twenty, Joseph got down and went to them; and when they had come to the end of the row, Joseph his servant came before them, and took the crown of the old king and threw it to the floor.
And the fifteen who had so recently passed through the burning bush were seated round the old king.
And the one who had the mightiest, who had the most, stood and looked to him.
And when the one who had the least was crowned the old man said, beauty is in the eyes of many, for Joseph is loosed from the bonds of the nether regions, and he is a most obedient and just servant.
And when the old man had said this, Joseph his servant came forward to where the old man was sitting and took his mask, and went to the young man, and gave a soft kiss, and went to Jacob.
And when Jacob had come to his knees, Joseph his servant came forward with a small leather flogger, and went up to him and laid him on his back, and he placed his head on Joseph's shoulder, and Joseph gave a soft, teasing kiss, with his tongue parting the cheeks of the old man's back, and thrusting into the tender flesh of the new man's ass.
And Joseph said unto them, Hath a boy like you; and they all said one, If any boy wants to come to this prison, he must come.
And Joseph took her to his chamber, and commanded her to lay on the mat, on his large hard wood desk.
And he spanked her with his riding crop, and he spanked her harder when she wiggled her bottom.
She was very stiff and pale, and her face turned blood red.
And Joseph stood and drove her to the rack, and she was tied down with her hands on her knees, and her feet in the floor.
And Joseph said unto her, Be silent! And she said, Yes.
And Joseph pulled the bands from her breasts, and the bands were spread on the mat, and she was gagged with her hands and ankles tied to the legs of the rack, and her mouth open.
If we but thank Our Maker for this precious gift, we may yet be safe and happy. But we must swear by the blood of our brother Jonathan; that is, by the blood of our beloved Esau.
And Jacobie besought his father, and grandfather, and said, That we should please our Maker by giving this blood, that we may not only see his face, but smell his soul also.
And Esau promised to give us the whole night's supply of corn, if we would but pledge ourselves to our Maker.
So we promised, and on the first night's sleep they fed us, and we ate, and drank; our cheeks were damp with our excitement and our nipples pebbled by the cool night air.
But the second night came, and Jacobie was at the door, and I was at the window.
He looked at me, and I saw the terror in his face, and the stranger in his eyes.
He knew what was about to happen; he could feel my excitement and his chest was heaving, so that I felt him start to tremble.
And the men did as they were bid. And as they were emptying their sacks, they met, and got into their car, and left the city.
And it came to pass on the way back to the city, that Jacob used the trunk to take food to the city, and that he and his brother would visit the homes of the poor.
And it came to pass that the day that Benjamin was to be delivered up to the LORD, he was late for work.
And the next day, he was in town, and when the train pulled into the station, he thought to himself, This must be my lucky day.
He and his brother saw the carriage out of the station, and as they walked to the carriage, they admired their luck.
And so it happened that Benjamin's life was changed forever.
This is what my dear traveller, this is the story of my youth.
And he said unto them, Yea, brother, for if ye had one we would have taken him in our arms: and if ye had none, we would have made our own victims.
And they spake as one; and from thence came one word from him, Thou hast one also. And they hastened to answer him. And when they had finished their solemn duty, they laid their hand upon the ground, and said, This is our last will and testament, and all that is therein. Amen. And they departed. And after they had gone, Judah went to Jacob, and said, Give her the reins of government also; for his hand was the same in both hands. And he said unto her, Thou hast one also.
And I stood and looked upon the face of the other man;
And my eyes went to the face of the man, and my gaze lingered upon his, and I was astonished.
His head was turning towards me, and his eyes were moist; and his whole frame was quivering.
I had never seen a man's frame so free.
But he was ready; his hand was firmly over his head; his breathing was ragged; his pulse was shallow; his heart was in his throat.
My eyes descended upon his thick hair, and I sucked at the base of his skull, and his lips were descending upon mine.
I took his lip with my teeth, and twisted it around my cock, and I pistoned against his.
I licked at the corners of his mouth, and felt his tongue enter my mouth, thrusting itself into my throat; and I pushed down on his shoulders.
He came; and I watched as his body went limp against mine, and I smiled; for I loved this man.
And when the girl saw the treasure which was in the girl's hand, she fell to the ground, and the coachman and the stranger comforted her.
She said, My God, I dreamed he was a drunkard and a beggar. I had no way of knowing.
But the air which we passed around our bill, the handshaking, the sharing of milk with strangers, gave credence to her fairy tale.
And we stood talking, and his mouth was on mine, his tongue invading my mouth, and his nose was in mine, and our lips brushed, and our breath carried, and my lips brushed, and then we kissed, and our tongues moved together over each other, over the clouds of their kissing and over the flowers on the hill, over the spring at the foot of the creek, over the summer oaks, over the seawall.
And I think to myself, That is one pretty flower. I want you to be careful of it though, you young lady. I think to myself, I will keep my hands at the side of the wagon.
And his mother's hand was upon his mouth; and he wondered what was to be.
And while he was gone, their father sat by, and watched them.
And when their father had finished, and they had finished, they said, We ate our cake; and their mother took her seat in her bedroom, and Joseph was on his own.
But their mother was so tired, and they tired of having to carry the burden of the news around, that they asked, and his father was again there.
And they sat there in the dark; and their father did not move, because they were still listening to the news.
And they asked, what news?
And his mother said, He is missing; and their father asked the same thing.
And when their father heard the noise of the dog, he knew, he was filled with dread; and it was so late that he had not yet laid his mark on the dog.
Is there not something in my mouth, which can kill me? And the steward asked, What is it then?
Joseph said, Is there no thing in my mouth which can kill me?
And the steward said, How can there be?
And Joseph said, Hath not my lord made me whole in this place?
And the steward said, How then, shall we find out the youth's identity?
For he was naked in the sack.
As soon as the young man was revealed to be no more, than nineteen years of age, Joseph said to Benjamin, Take her to the king's stall.
But when the train came to a stop, they pulled their shining sack out of the crowded carriage, and divided it into two, and he with his two bags.
Benjamin went to the door, and opened it; and the steward came and entered.
And when the steward asked him if he was come to town to see the new mans welcome, Benjamin said, Yea, and he sent her away.
The other steward asked the same question, but he got no further; because all they could see of the new arrival were the sacks on the floor, and the edge of the platform.
Benjamin made his way to the platform, and sat down; and when the train came to a stop, Benjamin opened his sack, and motioned the passengers to step back, and to not touch their hands or asses.
And they stood on the seat.
The new man stepped forward, and began to take the stewardess down; but the woman, who had stopped him, moved back, and grabbed Benjamin's arm, and pulled him to his feet; and the train was moving.
It seemed an eternity until it stopped.
And I came near unto him, and spoke unto him, Saying, He is worthy of such a love as this.
And his servants came and descended, and came and descended; and when the plume of black clouds was higher than the clouds that now rolled in the sky, and the tempest raged against us, and I saw my servant's cruel face, and the servant was trying to shield his lord from the rain, my lord ordered his servant to the top of the tower, and there he was dead too.
And when my lord saw that the servant was gone, he sprang to his feet, and went up to me, and pulled me into his arms, and kissed me.
And I fell to sleep with him beside me, as our love grew deeper and deeper.
That night my lord and my beloved Joseph laid me in his bed, and we both snuggled into my deep sleep; and our love and sex grew even deeper.
That evening we met again on the street; and we rode in the car to the house; but my lord insisted that I eat first. So I went and got some food, and sat down at the street table. And when my lord told me to wait for him in the house, I ate eagerly, and waited.
And our father said, Let us go down to the well, my servant.
And our father said, I command you; take this boy into my hand and cuddle him in my arms.
And when we came to the well, my father was crying with anguish, for his only son had been killed in the fighting.
And now his daughter was crying, crying for her slain brother.
And I said unto my father, If my husband had a brother, he would come and fetch this boy for me.
And my father obeyed my father.
And our father went down to the well, and we went down with him. And when we came to the well, our father had the more valuable thing, and went to the chest.
But the house of Pharaoh's gate open; and the house of Hanuman's are upon us.
And Joseph said unto them, We must needs have both entrance into this place; for if we had to go both ways, we would have no more children.
And they went to him and said, Loiter over here, and let him stand at the door.
And Joseph went to him and said, Let us go.
And Hanuman went to Joseph and bowed down to him, and said, Master, please come to this gate.
And Joseph said unto them, We must needs have both entrance into this place; for if we had to go both ways, we would have no more children.
And Hanuman bowed down and said, I do hereby grieve for you.
And Joseph went to his tent and made himself a fire, and passed out.
For this gift my father gave to me, I receiveth thanks from the Giver of Hosiery, and my master:
Ye shall never lose thy gift.
For this gift my mother gave to me, I receiveth glory; and the angels of the heaven were with us, and the weather was beautiful, and the sand was precious.
I was with my master in the Garden of the Gods; and the aroma of rose was sweet to me, and the fragrance of gink was sweet to me.
And my master looked upon me, and smiled.
He said, Look upon my hand, and know my mind. For from thee this day shalt thou ever serve my body or my mind.
And from this day forth shalt thou be known as Master: for ever.
And for ever.
This is my last commandment of thee; to go and ride the wind and the waves, and the waves and the wind, and the waves, and the whirlwinds, and the whirlwinds, that ye can wreak upon the land.
For I was an hundred leagues in advance of thee, when thou did this.
And so my little one, I felt the panic in my stomach, and the shame in my breasts.
For though the thunder had shrieked, the hail of stones and stones had been silent, as I was riding the wind.
I had not meant to run headlong into a man, or a car.
My footfalls had not lain in the gentle recesses of the forest, but on the rough stones, and on the grass, where they so fiercely clash.
I had not meant to hit the horses.
And though my body had screamed, the hail had not stirred the hayfields, nor the sun-dried fields, which now were shiny with tears.
And from the land of Canaan they went another way, to the land of Egypt.
And Jacob took these things and brought them back to the house of his father.
And when he returned, he went and fetched the wagons of his father, and took with him the women of his father, and brought them to the house of his mother.
And Jacob's father had a sick daughter, whose father this was.
And Jacob's mother, being mad with want, took her daughter to her brothers in Egypt, and gave them to him to cure.
And as they were putting the wagons of Joseph and his father up against the wall, a dreadful thing happened.
The good man, Joseph, who had been their good master, gave his daughter to the witch Doctor, because he was so afraid that his good friend, the wicked Joseph, would kill her.
But as Joseph and his father had been with their evil slave, and had done with her, they could do nothing; for as they were so afraid of the punishment they had brought upon themselves, they could not bring themselves to hurt their own children.
And after a year of their father being in Egypt, Jacob's years were upon him:
And he went up to the frontiers of Egypt.
He entered into a strong man's camp.
He settled in around the little fire, and kept close watch of his new friend, Joseph,
Who was a young, naked Egyptian:
He was the greatest obstacle to be put to the test of his strength and cunning.
But the way was long, and he had much to learn.
He was strong, and but a few rough blows from the naked beast would have broken his nose.
He had hoped to become strong enough to protect his wife and small babes from the whip, but he was too young.
But he had no choice.
He had to learn.
And Dinah's hair was of the green wood, which they used for their bedding, and her hands were of the green wood. And her feet were the fingers of her right hand.
She was a bright green star when she went into her dreams, a golden chain sparkling in the eyes of the morning.
And when she stirred, she was clad only in a robe, which she laid on the green seat of her chair.
And when she spoke, she spoke only of bread.
And when she passed through the gates of her town, she never bowed her head.
When she came into her own neighbourhood, she was clad in her mother's robes, which she wore at home.
And when she entered, she was at the gate in full view of her neighbours, the sun shining through the curtains.
And to his daughter Regan; who bore his mark, and whose head it was that bore the Crown of the Three Musketeers.
(And here are the three pairs of hands; the left, the right, and the middle.)
And in the hand of Jacob were engorged with blood, and drank of the same; and when the engorged had finished, the young women knelt before the Cup and offered their services.
And the young men walked about in rings round their leader and groom, and one after the other they would exchange blows at the same time; and when their flashes of prowess had been exhausted, their leader elbowed them to the ground and took them by the wrists and guide them to the platform.
The debauched were then led round to the middle of the platform, where they were again made to kneel and wait; and while their knees were up, their hands and cuffs were cuffed, their dress drew from them exposing the centre of their back.
And then, their Leader offered them one last ride on the platform; and as they all rode the alabaster wheels round and round in a ring, the Leader would offer them a ride on the next carriage.
They were then taken to an overstuffed chair, into an overstuffed carriage with no power of freedom, and pushed to the left, into a small room with the curtains pulled aside.
And there, they were gagged and bound with their hands and collars, their clothes pulled over their head, and their cuffed hands and feet pushed to the floor, with their cuffed hands and feet tied to the arms of the chair.
And he descended and lifted Pharaoh's head from the ground, and laid him upon his throne.
And we both began, and worked our way up the throne, until he had the throne in his hands.
And he said unto Pharaoh, Let us go back to the place of our betrothal, and I will have my fill of yeers.
And Pharaoh said, Yea, and we did.
And I said unto him, What shall we do with these yeers, O Pharaoh?
And I descended down from the throne, and gave him my lance, and I stroked his legs and arms, and I put him in the arms of the queen, and we went up to the top of the tower, and I smote the ground with my horn, and we went down to the bottom of the tower.
And I said unto him, Take away the garments, for I have need of them again.
And he took away the garments, and I stood in front of him, and I pulled down the rope, and I wrapped my hand around his wrist, and I took his blindfold off, and I wrapped my other hand around his waist, and I placed his legs apart, and I lowered his head to the ground.
And Joseph Nephew and his family, being well satisfied, set out for Goshen; and Joseph, his wife and her two daughters, and her three daughters-to-be.
And after three days of riding the roads, Joseph and his family set foot in the city.
And Joseph and his family bought the Old Castle and its two walls, and the castle, the land and some of the surrounding country.
And Joseph and his wife bought an dyke and a stone, and made into a barrel, and a barrel of coals, and gave it to his wife, so that her daughter's first lesson was to boil the coals.
And Joseph and his wife ate out of her father's hands, and the girls ate out of their mother's tummy.
And Joseph and his wife got into the carriage, and his mother held the back of it.
And his father and his brothers were with them, but they travelled separately.
And Joseph and his wife stayed with the girls all the way to the old castle, and his father had a brand new riding crop and a brand new riding saddle.
And Joseph went to Jacob, and said, Give me a little bit of gold, to-wit, O my son; for I will tell you the whole land of Goshen, where Joseph is thy father, and he has been thy protector, and whosoever will serve thee, must be of the blood of my father.
And Jacob answered and said, We will have no gold but what we have stolen from the Egyptians.
And Joseph went back to Jacob.
And Jacob's heart grew fainter and fainter; and his face became very angry.
And as the days went by, Jacob had very little to eat; his only comfort being the memories of Joseph and his torture.
And it grew to a great height, the blood from his father's hand running over his face.
And when he had drunk almost his full blood, he was unconscious, lying in the shadow of the giant oaks.
And he grew taller still, taller even, when in the fear of what his master would do to him he made his bed, and it hung from the trees, like a curtain, over the edge of the great low hill.
And the money which was brought forth by them, they spent in Egypt: For Pharaoh was not poor in servants.
And Joseph sold his field for two-thousand dollars; and received in exchange his one and only female slave Anne, who was also a maidservant to Pharaoh.
She was naked as she was named: She was the handiest woman that Pharaoh had seen in a long time. And she served him well. She did as he bade her: she kept him happy: she looked after him. Her duties as his slave: to provide for his wants and to obey his every command. She was his playmate. He never let her take a bath: he ordered her to be bathed in the presence of him and of him and of his court.
For I was not made to dwell a year, but to the Lord my lord.
And in the day that I was born, a stranger came to the door of the mansion where I lived, and the stranger introduced himself as the owner.
And when Joseph heard of this stranger, he said, What shall I do, release the slaves, or get thee to the land of Egypt? For I am an expert in poison, and I will release thee if thou wilt take what I can impart to thee: but a virgin? I said, Why not give her what she has asked for? Let the buyer beware. The buyer shall not have anything to lose, except his own body. And Joseph bought it.
And here I sit: old as the earth beareth me; even the children of the dead shall be with me; for I shall be the lord of this land.
And now my wife, whom I love very much, whom my heart for many shall have anointed as its saviour, Joseph, to lead and guide and train these strangers.
And this is the day that I gave to my young submissive the happiest of gifts; for here I had found one that I had been longing for, and was about to give to him.
And now, in fulfillment of my vow, this is what you are about to experience, My child... this is what I have been waiting for: death and desolation. Death and desolation.
And with Manasseh's help, Joseph approached the horses. And he drew the bridle of the bridle before his guest, and bridled him.
And when Joseph had put the bridle upon the horse, Ephraim asked if he might ride with them.
And Joseph said, Of course, Brother, and ordered him to the saddle of the horse.
And when Joseph had put the reins upon the horse, Ephraim asked if he might ride wench with them.
And when Joseph had answered in the affirmative, he ordered Ephraim to ride with them.
And when Joseph galloped on, carrying his guest up the hill, Ephraim, seeing the boy galloping after him, turned and began to lick his boots, and beckoned him to ride with her.
And when Joseph neared the top of the hill, Ephraim pulled hard upon her reins, and whispered to him, Go ahead, I will give you what you want, and you may lose your will to resist.
And I have given to you two teeth an inch from my prey, which is mine: therefore I say unto you, Purchase for me of this man, and purchase also for him of his blood.
And purchase also for him of his flesh, which is now mine: therefore I say unto you, Purchase also for him of the fruit of thy womb.
And purchase also for him of the cup of his blood, which is Mine.
And purchase also for him of his mind, which is Mine: therefore I say unto you, Purchase also for him of the man whose blood is upon you.
And purchase also for him of his soul, which is Mine: therefore I say unto you, Purchase also for him of his thoughts, and of his soul.
And purchase also for him of his heart, which is Mine: therefore I say unto you, Purchase also of his heart, and of his soul.
And purchase also of his mind, that he may serve me, that I may live once more in this flesh.
And purchase also of his heart, which is Mine: for Mine is the only good of all.
Nadu, take from him that which is thine: let not thyself be shaken: for thine is the path of the living man.
My hand shall be in the neck of thine enemies: their hand in the wall of thy gates: never their words shall I meet.
Jacob, I have done well: I have found my mark: I have found her: Jacobark: give to thyself to man, to play the part of the conqueror and of the vanquished.
Joseph, you did well: your hand was on thy self: your father's children shall serve you.
Deliver the shaft to the White Goat.
And the boy shall fall to the ground: and if I dash, not one hair shall cover his head.
POW, POUND, SPIN: whoso shall do the stroke shall be the one that shall reap the harvest.
God, deliverer of the poor man, feed the flock!
Himsheikh is a small village in the hills:
On a good day, even lovely, his wife lays her hand upon her temple.
Yeshua was brought forth in black silk.
His neck was scarlet.
His chest was made of mail.
He smiled: Then went to her right shoulder.
She knelt, in the soft crook of his hand, while his hands were at her sides.
His voice was low, nimble, as the wind whispered around her.
“Should I offer you to me, baby girl?
The word that I live by shall not prevail over the word that I give by mine own creation; (for the word that I give by mine own creation is no more than is the wolf's paw, which God spanks when He feels the throat of his prey).
I am not ashamed of my creation; for I am his equal:
And I shall never harm him that I own; nor shall I hurt him that I own is less than he who hath me.
The evil shall never prosper; for evil in itself.
I give this day to my children: to be the seed of thy grass: to be the food of thy hunts.
And I shall be the delight of thine earth.
His blood be not in mine: but in mine shall be his seed, which shall be as wheat straw:
He shall never be mistaken for the God of Jacob.

Chapter 6

When the Persians came thither from the war with the Hittites, they found a house of ill repute; it was a den of thieves and murderers.
And they were on the march to the cave; and when they came to the cave, the lads came out upon the spot where Sarah and Isaac were; and they were all one.
The man that had been Raped was now in the dungeon; his skin as white as snow; his body open and vulnerable; his face a picture of lust.
And the man that had been raped was in the cage with his arms and legs restrained to the rings on the walls.
His cock was hard, as were his balls; he was a walking erection.
And the woman that had been Raped was naked; her breasts were caged, and her smooth, pale, round nipples were hard as diamonds.
Her hands and feet were tied to the rings on the walls.
She was not cumming till the rope that was about her neck was tied around her waist.
And with them came several of the people, both male and female,
And they buried him in their homes.
When Joseph's mother heard that Joseph had been set free, she sent her young son up to her, telling him to bring her the girl's shopping bags.
When her son returned, she gave him the girl's names and their addresses, and told him to bring them to her daughter's house, as well.
When his mother got hold of the girl's address, she went to her daughter's house.
And she told her what she wanted to see her daughter do.
She asked her to go to the same room and put in the shopping bags.
And she watched to see that she followed her directions.
When she returned to her daughter's house, she found that her mother had broken into her father's shop.
So Joseph and his brethren took him into their arms, and laid him in their arms,
And told him that he should follow them to the land of Canaan:
He went up to them, and said, I am going up to the land of Canaan. He was not required to go up to them: but was nonetheless dragged up to them.
And they both said, Weeping now, we shall see if we have found anything useful. And they both said that they would go and look for the leprosy, and bring back some plaster.
And they both said that they would both stay with him in the cave.
And they both said that they would both come and see what use there was for him.
And they both said that they would come and see what use there was for him. And they both said that they would come and see what use there was for him.
And Joseph his son was amongst the first: He had been born in Egypt, and his father was Pharaoh Ptah: the son of Seti, who ruled over Egypt from the day that he was born.
And Joseph his son was the ruler of Upper and Lower Egypt from the day that he was seven years old.
And he ruled with a rod of iron, which he had made from the iron spikes of a dead man's arm: and from the rod, Joseph descended a mighty brood of demons, called the Children of the Damned.
They dwelt in the upper room of the Great Pyramid, and spake the word of the Destroyer in sweet death.
Joseph was the first of them: When he came forth from the pit of the earth, he found Ephraim lying on his back, his face buried in the sand, his hands behind his back.
He entered the chamber: And he spoke two words unto the man; Get up!
He rose from the sand and joined Joseph in the top room.
He felt with wonder and awe as Joseph drew him to the center of the pyramids, and seated him upon a pinnacle of the pyramid.
But Jacob spake unto Joseph, saying, Let us go up to the mountain top of the hills, which are on the left; for there were seven churches in all there, and they were as follows:
(A) THE CHURCH: Mary the mother of James the Lord of the Flies, Mistress Susan, and her three daughters: Mary the widow of Uri, Margaret, and Elisabeth. Mary the widow of Zerubbabel, Zebulun, and Elisabeth. Mary the widow of Shalom, and the widow of Matt, who was the son of Simeon the Chauncher. And Mary the widow of Manasseh.
(B) THE HOUSE: Jesus the son of Alphonso and his daughter: Mary the widow of Uri, Margaret and Elisabeth. Mary the widow of Zerubbabel, Manasseh, and Uri.
© THE PLACE: Moses the son of Orpheus and his daughter: Mary the widow of Uri, Margaret and Elizabeth. Mary the widow of Zerubbabel, Manasseh, and Elisabeth.
for they were not able to bear the punishment which Joseph caused them.
For this were the four winds of the year; the winds that troubled the land; the winds that swept away the dead; the winds that approach the lives of those who dwell upon the earth.
And the year was the time of the eclipse.
For the eclipsing was the great destroyer of souls.

Book 02 Exodus

Chapter 1

It began on the 17th of January; the day that the earth began to sol in the horror of the winter solstice.
And with the terror of the event, came great forgetfulness for the souls that had to carry the guilt and the scarlet letters.
For the time of their slaughtering was lost in the dreams and the hallucinations that their little crime provoked.
For the souls that had the will to weep, and rise to the call of arms, to sing hymns, to call upon the spirits of their lost father, to experience the wondrous rites and subtler perversions which their crime excited, was driven away by the fear and the hallucinations.
And each of the houses was for a midwife, or a woman who was in the employ of a midwife.
And it came to pass, that the house of a midwife was in the wilderness: in the woods, in the east, about waist deep, and about midway between land and water.
And it came to pass, that when the people had gathered round the fire, that they mowed the fields and tended the woods, their leader being none other than the wise Moses, that Moses led the people to and fro.
And there were twenty people in each of the ten corners of the circle.
And the vision that Moses gave of the place was vision of plenty.
And it came to pass, that when Moses had put the people out into the country, that he drove his canoe into the river.
And when he came to the aid of the people in distress, he set out to find those people, that had been so grievously wrong.
And out he went searching.
And to the midwife, that she may give him his due: for the child was fertile: and the midwife had given birth to two beautiful girls: one of them to the Pharaoh, named Midas, the other the lovely Belle.
And they nursed their master; their eyes fell upon him.
And when his sister saw that he was the happy result, she went to the baby and delivered her; and when she had pulled up her cloth to expose the naked male parts, she fastened it around the neck of her son, and began to cover him.
When his sister saw that, she became excited also.
And the midwife went and stood by the river's edge; and she called to the woman, “And which of you is the fairest of the bunch, little boy?”
And the woman answered, “Midas; for he is the fairest of the fair women.”
And the midwife said unto her, Take him to the women's bath, and let her keep him close at hand: for she was in a great hurry to enter the men's room.
And the woman went and stood upon the bank of the river, and she called to Midas, “And which of you is the fairest of the bunch, little boy?
And Moses came and took his garment, and went to the well. And said to Moses, If you keep the Sabbath day, I may give you leave to come and live among the people.
And Moses said, Yes.
And, behold, there was some good that came out of the well.
For, when the month of December came nigh, Moses and Moses parted company. And Moses said unto Moses, Let's go up to the top of the pyramid.
And Moses and Moses walked, and climbed the steps.
And, lo!
And Moses came to be, and was the first man in the land: and he ruled over the people of Israel after the expulsion of Moses from before the people of Egypt.
He took the land, and putteth his people into tribes: and tribes came to him, and he took his people, and placed them in towns: and in towns he took care of the people.
And Moses came to be, and was the first man to clothe his nakedness.
And he was the first man to wear the black garment.
When Moses came to be, the people of Israel lived in tents, in cabins, on stilts, in houses of worship: their festivals were in the pastures.
And Moses came to be, and was naked: and he was the first man in the world to wear the garment we call clothing.
And when Moses came to be, the people of Israel used to call each other by name, when they met: they used to ride in the cedar chest, and carry their clothes on their shoulders, naked.
When Moses came to be, there was one man left from before, and he was named Jacob.
And as Moses came to the top of the hill, he looked upon a vast expanse of green pasture, lying fallow. There he saw a boy about twelve or thirteen years of age, and his face was like pitch; and his eyes were like the top of the clouds.
And as Moses came to the top of the hill, he looked upon a priestess; and his lips were like that of a dog. And as Moses came to the top of the hill, he looked upon a basket of grapes; and his head like that of a fox. And as Moses came to the top of the hill, he fell to the ground half asleep.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Follow me.
And Moses moved to the top of the hill; and he looked upon a palace of purple cloth, the floors and the walls of which were purple; and on the front of the throne where his head should be, was a likeness of the LORD.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying Dearest son of bitches, If thou wilt fall to the ground to me, then I will bear thee the punishment that the hips of these two meet.
And the LORD God of hosts sat down on his throne, and he looked upon the land, and his eye fell upon the land. And the land became wet with the sweat of the laboring body, and the eye of the giver of frost.
And the spirits of the dead man's face appeared; and the dead man's soul became alive.
And the LORD God of hosts sat down among the dead man's ashes, and he looked upon his property; and the people were frightened; for the ghosts were upon them.
And the LORD God of the dead man's house came up out of the grave, and he looked upon the land, and the peoples were terrified.
And the LORD God of the dead man's house came to the aid of the people.
And the LORD God of the dead man's house came to the aid of the people.
And the LORD God of the dead man's house came to the aid of the people.
.
And I will pour into thee a river of milk, and honey, and butter, and red wine, and orange blossom.
And you shall never have to say a word, for I will overflow the doors of this house: and you shall drink the milk from the river.
And the LORD God of hosts shall come down from the heights of the clouds, and the LORD of hosts shall come down from the heights of the clouds, and the LORD of hosts shall come down from the heights of the clouds, and the LORD of hosts shall come down from the heights of the clouds, and the LORD of hosts shall come down from the heights of the clouds, and the LORD of hosts shall come down from the heights of the clouds. And the LORD of hosts and the LORD of hosts shall pour themselves out upon the flaming sword, and the flaming sword shall feed at His pleasure. And I shall come down from the heights of the clouds, and the flame of the sword shall eat away the blood of the living dead.
And I shall pour the juice of the earth, and the juice of the fountains of the rivers, and the blood of the beasts, and the blood of the horses, into the wells of the earth, and I shall pour the juice of the earth into the fountain of rivers, and the earth shall flow before the sword, and the sword shall not find it's way into the wellspring of the earth.
The blood shall be everywhere, and the veins shall be swollen and red.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, Verily I say, that it is the serpent which cast Moses out from among the people.
And the serpent said to him, Lift his head; for he was led by the hand of the LORD.
And the serpent led the man out of the garden to the water's edge.
And the man was lifted by the hand of the LORD; and he was far off the sea.
And the serpent said unto Moses, Admit to the man your love, O Moses of Egypt, for mine is the fountain of life.
And Moses said, Yea, and for this I will give you a hundred lashes according to the flesh.
And the serpent said unto him, Go and fetch for me the cart to take away the dead man's body.
And Moses went and fetched the cart; and when he came to the edge of the cart he knocked out the man's arms.
And Moses answered and said, The LORD has not spoken unto his servant.
And the LORD said unto him, Surely, verily, I have said unto thee, That I will send lightning upon the top of her head, and she shall not feel the lightning.
And the lightning shall come from the wanderer's hand, and the deafness of the soul shall make his eyes blind: and she that shall see the lightning, and not feel the lightning, and shall be injured in any way, shall be stricken with the lightning.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Unto all the mountains and over the seas, and shall come down upon her in the dark, and shall bathe her in the blood of the slain, and shall put her in stripes and wear her hair in man's hairs, and shall make her wear her high necked horse.
And the LORD said unto him, Why seekest thou this mischief? Hath the serpent tricked thee?
And Moses answered and said, I seek to possess the soul of my slave, to be able to feed and clothe myself as the devil hath commanded me.
And the LORD said unto him, Why seekest thou this besides thy Lord?
And Moses went back out into the street, and was to walk up and down the street, and circle the houses. But he was in a daze. He had never been there before. The street was too foggy for him to see much. But slowly he started to walk forward. When he came to the house, it was in a tiled room. It was late at night, and he could hear the sounds of people passing and the shadows of the house. And he was led into the room, and the blindfold was put over his eyes.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise, thou hast the night before your appointed time; therefore, in the morning I will make thee walk in blood.
And Moses, when the sun cometh up, he shall turn the water on in the well; and the water will be scalding in the fire, and the water will be on the land.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Take the boy out of the water, and make him drunk.
And Moses did as the LORD asked. And when the water was made scalding, Moses said, Let us go into the bush.
Zipporah said to Moses, That is enough for now, and she went into the bush, and sat down between Moses and the boy.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Take the boy and put him into the sand: in the corner of the beach there shall we find a well-lit picnic area, and this shall we place him in the shade, and we shall rest for a while.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Let us go into the valley and search for the women's quarters.
And the people said, We have no gods but God; therefore we ask these things of the LORD our God.
And the LORD our God spake three words, Deify the woman, destroy the stall; the shoes also, of the women who serve him. And of the men, whom he chose early in the morning; that they come to the table, and sit upon their wicker, and take their veils and stockings and dainties and stocks, and then go into the house and serve their wives and play at the wine.
And they spake as the LORD commanded them. And among other things, they were commanded to offer the veils and stockings to the gods of the games, and to bring round the king of Egypt, and to cast the stockings upon the floor, and to boil the milk for the Egyptians.
And it came to pass that the people used these things to their delight.
And it came to pass that when they had done all these things, and the veils and stockings, the milk and the dainties, and the stockings, the CHORUS for the games, and the stockings and the games, the LORD commanded the slaves to keep the choruses and the milking stations, and the dancing to music.
And so the slaves went about their tasks, while the people sat and the LORD commanded the games, the people spied the places, and the slaves danced.
And now the misfortune befell them, when Pharaoh's servant came and knocked at the door of the royal suite.
Moses came forth, and said unto him, Enter ye in! And the servant asked, Why go we? Hath the matter of this moment come before you? And the master said, As I have just told thee, and commanded the people.
And the servant said, Why are you knocking at my door? And the master said, I have orders from the LORD our God of Sands.
And the servant said, What are you talking about?
But the voice of the LORD was there, amidst their noises, that commanded them to go and work.
And the people did as they were told, and came to the door of the house of the master of the house, where Moses stood; and as they entered, they both bowed their heads and kissed the hand that had stopped their entry.
And the master of the house took each one of the men and drove them to the mountain of rocks; and there they fell into the hands of the wild beast which devoured them; and it was just a man and Moses who had done them harm.
The people of the mountain of rocks commended the master of the house, that they might ride with him to the land of Canaan, which he likewise set out with his people.
And they both rode, and came to a river, which was a very big river, and they were both lifted by the rush of the current; and they fell into a huge canoe, which had been drawn on the sand; and they were both washed ashore at the same time, by the same man.
And they went upriver, and over the falls, to a large wooden house, which they entered, and which was the principal residence of the stallion who had done them the mischief.
The Master drove the girl, as she was a virgin, to the front door of the house; and as she opened the door, the steed which was in her was forced open, and the steed from behind was forced to gallop about on all fours before her, before she could say the words, which were spoken by her lips as the stallion had done to her by driving his rearing upriver.
And the girl's eyes were opened, and she saw the stallion approach the girl, and who came to the rescue.
For all that were in the house of the LORD were happy; for they knew the LORD was their saviour.
And the LORD looked upon Isaac's and Jacob's face, and was filled with compassion; for Isaac had laboured with Abraham's hands and with Jacob's with his own hands.
And the LORD looked upon Isaac's face, and was filled with compassion: for Isaac had laboured with Isaac's hands and with Jacob's with his own.
For though the land was rich in beauty, it was barren of man: and though the land was plenty good and spacious, it was barren of man.
And the LORD looked upon Isaac's face, and was moved with compassion: for Isaac had laboured with Isaac's hands and with Jacob's with his own hands.
And the LORD looked upon Isaac's head, and was moved with compassion: for Isaac had laboured with Isaac's head and with Jacob's with his own.
For though the land was plenty well fed, and though the cattle abound in all the good things that the sun and the moon give to their inhabitants, Isaac's hands were cold.
And the LORD looked upon Isaac's face, and was moved with compassion: for Isaac had laboured with Isaac's head and with Jacob's with his own hands.
And Moses went in and spoke unto Pharaoh.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, Let the children of Israel go out from the land of Egypt until the land be taken by the children of Israel, and the land taken by the children of Israel.
And Moses went and took Gamali, and Gamal and Gad, and put Gamal on his donkey, and let her with Gamali, Gad, and take Gamal and Gamali to the valley of the Jordan river, and Gamal with him.
And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Gamal, saying Verily I came to call the people of Israel, and gave them directions for Gamal's journey, that he might prepare the food for them.
And Moses took Gamal and Gamal along with him to the river.
And Gamal drank the wine of the land.
And while they were there, the LORD spoke to Moses from the valley of the Jordan, saying Verily I am come, and said that He had not forgotten you, Gamal.
And the LORD spake unto Gamal, saying Verily I will judge between you both by the actions you have performed thus far, and that He would go and take you to the hills and make you a prey to the crocodiles.
These are the names of the sons of Levi according to their generations: Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari and Jachin, and the years of the life of Levi were an hundred and three years.
And the sons of Simeon; Simeon, and Chaim, and Rebekah and Shiloh and Zalam, and he is the years of the life of Samuel the son of Shema, who lived before the exile.
And the years of the life of Levi were an hundred and nine years.
Amram was thirty-three years old; his youthfulness was to be a factor in his downfall. While his youth had its uses; it was sheer folly that Amram intended for anyone to encounter him. Despite his fondness for young girls and his many lovers, he was a harsh teacher who must be stopped before he stole away the secret of his youth. Unfortunately for Amram, his secret was even more perverted than his private playboy play. At the age of twenty-two, Amram founded the School of Fortitude, and moved there from Virginia.
And he commanded that the children of Israel should exhibit themselves unto the Pharaoh, and that the enticement of eating the flesh of this animal should be great; and that they should wear sackcloth and steel, and that the attire should be white sackcloth and steel, and nothing else; and that the loud noises made should be to music and lights in the night, and on the morrow morning they shall be naked like lambs and sheep, and their clothing made of flax, and wool, and veils, and their jewelry should be the like of the wool of the woolen cloth that Moses loosed from the slaughter of lambs.
And it came to pass on the day that the LORD spake unto Eleazar the son of Anak,
That the LORD spake unto him; and the two of them sat down opposite each other in the palace, and they spied the rider and his rider upon the horse and knew that they were meet.
And the LORD spake unto the boys; and they were at his horse.
And the riders went up to the horse and rode in with the riders.
And the Master spied the couriers also and the riding-dogs and rode in with the riders.
And the Master spied the Amyris and their rider and his rider and their rider and their rider; and the riders went up on the horse with the Master.
And the Master ordered that they should not stop; for if they stopped the riders would surely part the cheeks of the couriers and the courtiers and the play-toys; and the Master spied the Plumed Serpent also and his rider and his rider; and the riding-dogs would lick the ground where the couriers and the courtiers and the play-toys stood as well as on the stables.
And the Master ordered that they should wear scarlet and gold buttons; and they should hold their ground whenever any of the bystanders moved to assist; and the riders and the couriers and the spectators should remain in their places and their harnesses and their clothes and their shoes and their stockings and their garters and their swimsuits and their jewels if they so wished.
And Pharaoh said unto Moses, · How high art thou in the sky, O heavens sweet child?
And Moses said unto the LORD, Behold, I will make thee a god.
And the LORD said unto Moses, · How high art thou in the sky, child?
And Moses said unto the LORD, Behold, I will multiply you unto the stars of the heavens, and set them in the earth.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, I have given you power to decide how many shall serve me in this manner.
And Moses answered the LORD, · Let the bidding be upon you, and let them come to you.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, I will multiply you by whatever is the will of my power, that is, by whom I will bid them.
And Moses answered the LORD, Behold, I have given thee power to choose those which shall be upon the earth, whether they be male or female, rich or poor, cattle or swine,
(my warriors) and this shall be their mission, to bring forth my seed and milk my goats.
Thus did Moses and Aaron with their rods and their snakes respectively.
And Moses and Aaron went back to the water's edge; and Aaron went down to the bottom of the river, and put his hand into the river's current.
And when his rod was down to the water's edge, the serpent bit into the rod, and the snake bit into Aaron's hand.
Moses and Aaron pushed both their rods and their snakes to the bank, and they went down to the bottom of the river.
But as they went down, the snake bit into Moses' belt, and he came; and the man with the scarlet scarlet was with him.
And the man with the bright red mustache had his arm stretched out, and his face was obscured by the water running down his arm.
Moses and Aaron pushed the boats side against the current; and as the current passed under both of them, they went under the boats side.
And as the current passed under the boats, the current was suddenly strong; and the shock of the current was tremendous.
But the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto the magicians of Egypt, Go to the pools of the river, and cast your wicker across the water, that they may ride upon the swellings; and if you will not let them go, I will drown them.
And the LORD did so.
And the magicians of Egypt did so with their wicker; and they both stood upon the swellings, and on the banks of the river.
And Moses lowered his head; and the LORD did come down upon them.
And the LORD did sit upon the bank of the river; and the water was very soft; and the temperature was almost hot.
And the magicians of Egypt did sit upon the bank; and the water was muddy; and they both were naked.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Verily I give thee unto me; and you shall not come down upon me until I have given you something to drink.
And Moses pulled the chain between the rings on the crown; and the chain was run through the rings on the crown, and the chain was run back to the pool.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Take thy rod, and lead the way into the valley of the springs, and bring forth frogs also upon the land of Egypt.
And Moses stretched out his hand over the waters, and the frogs came up like meteors, towards the land of Egypt.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Stretch forth thine arm over the thine ass, and bring forth frogs also upon the land of Egypt.
And Moses stretched out his hand, and brought forth frogs also upon the land of Egypt.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Let's go to the tent, and let Aaron worship thee out of one of the many treasures thou hast here.
And Moses went to the tent; and Aaron went to the one behind the spring; and Aaron entered the tent, and stretched out his hand over the thine ass, and brought forth a little stream of water, which the magicians draw up and pour upon the earth; and this is the first of the magic tricks that Aaron shall perform for the LORD this night.
And the LORD shall make his pleasure known throughout the land, when he sees that his servant has pleased him, and he shall be rewarded.
And the magicians shall keep the people away from the witch, so that the people may enjoy the show; and the LORD shall share the fruits with the people when he sees that the trick has been performed.
And the LORD drove out the magicians; and Aaron's frog came up in the valley; and the LORD went to the magicians, and they gave him answer; and he answered, saying, Admonish the witch for having brought these men here, to torment them.
And the LORD took the woman; and Admonish her before the magicians; and she cast lots for the garments, and for the things, which the Magicians had brought unto her.
And the LORD spanked her with the riding crop; and Aaron's frog went up in his mouth; and the cock lodged in her mouth.
And the LORD caused her to quake with delight; and he took her into his mouth: and he sucked her until she was lost in the ecstasy of her own touch.
And the Magicians came out of the valley in the morning light; and Moses and Aaron went up into the mountains, and told of the events which they had witnessed.
And when the Magicians were again sent away, the LORD took his people out of the enchanting land of Egypt; and they parted the valley with the mountains, and gathered the people into his country.
And the magicians came to the gathering; and Moses and Aaron led the way into the country; and the people followed the frog into the woods.
And the Magicians had two young men; that were very pretty, and had red hair; and the beautiful Hannah and the beautiful Nana.
And the magicians did in the morning what they had bid them; they stood at the door of Pharaoh's house, and knocked.
And when Pharaoh rose, and called for the magicians, the magicians came forth, and said, Lo! We have given thee his sign; it shall be on the door of the snake; and upon entering thou shalt do as he bid you.
And the LORD in the evening time riseth to meet thee; and the snake out of the ground is the door of the snake; and when thou wilt go in he shall be as a sheep; and if the fly shaft be not found within the neck, it shall be upon the door of the snake.
And the magicians did in the morning what they had bid; they took away both Aaron's hands and feet, and sent him forth to the land of Goshen; and he went and sold the iron ore there; and the magicians did in the afternoon what they had bid.
And the LORD in the evening time returneth in to take his part in the amusement of the people.
And the magicians did in the afternoon what they had bid; they took all the children in the village, and carried them to the great stone, which is about three feet in length; and they put them into the water, and let them go, and the magicians did in the evening time what they had bid.
And the LORD in the morass returned to her people in the morning, to give her merrie thanks for the mischief that he had done.
And the LORD spake: Thou hast pleased me; therefore I command thee this fine silk garment, which I shall send to thee, to wear before the sun goeth in: but let not the eyes of the people be open: for the LORD spake it in a day when the people were in the field.
And the garment was so made, that the LORD knew what every thing looked like:
and his eye fell down between the hem of the garment, and his hand fell into the waistband of the garment, and he spied the zippered collar, and removed it from the garment.
And the LORD spake to Moses.
Moses came to the shore of the lake, and took the zippered collar, and led the frightened boy across the lake to the big maple tree.
And the LORD commanded Moses to let the boy come to the tree.
Moses moved slowly, because the tree was tall, and wide, and would hold him in it if he fell on it. But the more he moved, the closer he came to the tree, and the further he fell, the farther away he came, until he could completely hide the tree beneath him.
Then the grass grew thick under him, and the boys played hide and seek, until finally Moses came within a few feet of the tree, and the LORD appeared to him.
And the LORD went out from Pharaoh.
2 And the LORD summoned Moses and Aaron.
3 And the LORD spake unto Moses, Saying This is the punishment for the house of slavery; it shall not be sold without the consent of the owner; and the price of the slave shall not be less than that of a donkey's price. The slaves shall be free from anxiety; they shall not be in dread of the punishment they deserve. But if any of the slaves revolt against the master, and he shall have reason to doubt their loyalty, he shall place their minds at rest. And the animals which were with the serpent this day, shall fear their master less than any other thing. Hush, Hush! There shall not be more than ten in number; and the tenth slave shall be the most fearful and pitiful.
And Moses rose early in the morning, and the magicians drew near his chamber, and the demons took his place before his throne.
And the LORD went before his face, and took his staff in his hand, and spoke unto Moses, Let us go.
And Moses went before the LORD, and took the staff, and spoke to the demon-king.
“My people have gained one great thing from this wise man; he has taught them how to gain entrance into mine.
“But this man is not wise; still the worm continues.
“He has not had a woman to guide and train them; I will bring her to full ripe old age, and then let them have a go at it.
“If a man has no woman to train him, then his life and possessions will be lost; and the worm will feed on every little thing that the man has not fed on.
“And I will keep a close eye on this man, lest I let the worm nibble at my breasts, and I give out a joyful welcome mat.
And Moses stretched forth his hand toward heaven.
And the hail came down like a crashing wave, like a crashing wave on the shores of a land of frost.
And Moses stood and looked upon a cloud, and cried, And cried again.
He that was upon the ground was blindfolded; and the rain came from the clouds; and the hail ran down the length of his body.
Moses fell to the ground, and the hail rose from his body, and ran up the inside of his legs to the belt of his heavy armor.
He was chilled.
And while he was chilled, and while he was helpless, a tent was made for him in the woods, and he was led inside.
He was led to the great tub, and into the sleeping chamber.
For the LORD will gather all his flock, and lead them unto the land of Canaan, where he will give them their due according to their deeds and their desire; and there he will make them meet their Maker in a land of water.
For the LORD will rain upon the earth; and the hail will come forth from the earth, and the hail will fall from the earth.
The LORD will cause the rivers of the earth to flow one for another; and the waters of the rivers shall be wet with the blood of the beasts that shall flow upon the earth.
And the LORD will cause the rumbling of the waters of the sea to cease; for the waters of the sea shall no more flow upon the earth their mouths nor their vessels; but their vessels shall return to the earth, and their mouths shall return to the earth.
And the LORD will cause the hail to cease; and the hail of the land shall no more fall upon the earth, neither will the evening rain of the land upon the waters of the earth.
And the waters of the river shall not return their blood, neither shall the evening rain of the land upon the waters of the river.
And the birds of the earth shall no more fly, neither shall the evening rain of the land upon the birds of the earth.
And the wind that blows in the land, after the manner of the storm that cometh in the night; that stirs the very soul of man, that stirs the very soul of the very soul of the very angel that shaketh the very face of the very God that taketh away His human dominion.
And as Moses was going in unto Pharaoh, the LORD spoke to Aaron, and to Lele, saying, I command thee this day to be on your knees before me; and if thou wilt not obey, this day will be the cause of punishment for thine insincerity and disobedience.
And when Moses and Lele went in to Pharaoh, the LORD spoke three words to them.
Turn ye to me, and crawl before my feet upon the sand.
And they went before Pharaoh's feet.
When Moses and Lele came upon the shore, and stood in front of the shore, the LORD said to them, Let's see if thou hast mastered this art of warfare: Hath the boy mastered the rod and the crop; or is he yet to be taught?
And when the LORD had said these words, what does the boy know?
To put it mildly, the boy knew nothing.
But the LORD could see the danger this pose posed.
And Moses came to the door, and opened it; and when he stood before the door, the door was opened by a bright sparkle of lightning, which shot down like a bolt, like the arrow that pierced Moses.
And out he went, with his entourage following close behind.
And when Moses stepped upon the threshold, a vision appeared to him, of a stunning beauty, and of a cry that echoed around the chamber.
And from the shadows that were placed about the room, He saw his beautiful wife, bound and gagged; her hands and feet above her head. Her head was pushed back, and her lips were parted. One lip was free, and she looked at the other. A soft gasp escaped her throat, and she felt her heart race. And then her mouth was drawn into a kiss, as her tongue parted his lips, and he felt it entwine with hers.
And the blood of the locusts upon the green ground was deadly in the heat of the day, and deadly in the heat of the night; and the locusts became afraid even of the water.
But the breath of the locusts comforted the land of Egypt at night: they did not awake the sleeping woman.
And Moses and Aaron had to carry on their journey, and had to continue their labours, until they came to a city which is at the foot of the Red Pyramid, and there they stopped for a night, and a day, and a night, and a day.
And Moses called the maiden Phoebe, after the bee which was in the chamber, because she was the bee which was most beautiful in the garden of the LORD your God.
And she came to Moses with a cry, and laid her hands upon his body; and they slept.
Meanwhile the men continued their labours.
Phoebe was very sleepy at first, but as night fell, her eyes opened, and she watched with great interest as the men went about their chores.
Her breasts were like pearls, full and plump and shiny with the swelling of her belly; her eyes were like unto a hawk's, piercing gaze, and she was slick with desire.
So the LORD commanded Moses, and Aaron; to go down to the river and cast a net out over the falls, and bring in four cubs and tow them into the well of the river.
The 4 cubs shall sit under the falls, and the net shall be passed around the 4 cubs, and the tops of the falls shall be at right angles to each other.
And the herdsmen and the flocks of the pigs and the chickens shall come out to the well in the mornings and play and graze their land.
But the Lord's house shall be in the woods; in the flower-beds of the woods; no man shall go within its walls, in the charnel houses, in the hollow trees; there shall be no work there during the day, for the fear of the LORD thy man shall be for all that is in the woods.
The net shall be passed around the net and the herd shall graze in the fall-trail at night.
When the day comes of the people coming out to the well to play or to graze in the hollow trees, the LORD shall come in the morning and take away the 4 cubs and cast them into the well.
And the net shall be passed around the well as far as the eye can reach; and the people shall be broken off into several families, and there shall be no more games on the Sunday before next.
The 4 cubs shall stay with the LORD until the week is spent, and then the LORD shall take them out and put in the car and drive to the river.
So then, to our guests that sleep upon the hills, it is this night that they shall have their deaths:
Isis and her maidservant were it.
For gold's day is come, and the two of them shall be cast into the fires of hell, and their deaths shall be the cause of the greatest of pains for the slaves of Pharaoh their blood shall be shed.
As for us, we shall have to pay the penalty as Moses and I have been selected.
The gold that we will buy this night shall be used to buy the fine silk scarves and bracelets that will cover the burning sun; and the audience that shall listen to us shall be a choice of three; either from among the offerings made by the four that murdered Seti, or from among the offerings made by the four that were put to death by the scribes and the idols that they pulled from the sand.
And as for the girl that we shall have to pay the penalty of; her purchase shall be at the auction afterward.
And the bidder that wins this night's bidding shall be the first to have her tormented.
I bid you farewell this evening, my dear; and I bid you bid generously.
And I bid you bid me farewell.
And if the neighbour be too many, he and his neighbour shall each take the lamb according to the above mentioned rules.
And the servant shall be left with his Mistress upon his knees, and you shall take him in your mouth.
And the lamb shall be a young male, who is devoted to her in all things.
And you shall make him your manservant.
And you shall expect nothing from him but to please her in all things.
And you shall greet your visitor as soon as you know him.
And if thou wilt come to visit the lamb within thy borders this month, this month shall be the occasion.
And the entrance to the sanctuary of the LORD thy God shall be at the gate of the sheep's pen.
And the assembly of the congregation of Israel broke into little dance; and the house of the slaughtered sheep assembled to eat the blood of their master.
And the man with the large stone in his hand stood and said unto the gathered crowd, Render unto the beast my victim: and they all stood and stood and went to him.
And when his prey was loose from the ropes, he called to his servants, and they went away to render unto him.
And when they came unto the ark of the house, which was in the valley under the trees, they laid the bait over the edge of the trap.
And the seraphim came out from the clouds and the pillars, and the seraphim and the demon went to the ark, and the demons came out from beneath the earth.
And the seraphim and the demon came back out from the pit of the earth, and their tails came up to the eye, and their tails came back down to the pit of the earth.
And Pharaoh summoned his seven maidens from out of the prisoners' prison, and from the woods around the camp he took seven maidens, and brought them unto his tent.
And he sat on his throne, and he looked upon the seven maidens, and sighed upon them, and they gave him his satisfaction, and he was filled with their juices.
Ye shall observe the feasts of meat; for this is the food of the gods: ye shall have meat for food on these days.
Ye shall also observe the rituals of your mothers: for this is the food of the gods; meat shall be eaten on these days only.
Seven days shalt you eat the flesh of pigs, and their calves; and in the eight days the slaughter shall be the greatest that ye shall see in flesh.
In the evening of the feast ye shall have wine to wash away your sins; in that way ye shall make atonement for your offences.
Ye shall not touch that which blood ye cannot eat: this even in the flesh shall be sanctified.
Ye shall not drink of the blood of sheep; on those days ye shall not take the blood of any animal.
And on the twelfth day of the month, which is the big day in your annals, ye shall slaughter the young goat for your feast.
Ye shall use the young goat's milk for the banquet: and this day ye may eat any thing that the eyes of the world may desire.
And the LORD rode his stallion into the gates of the palace, and sat down upon his throne.
And the servants went to the guests and unto the house of Aaron, and to the chamber where the plague was kept.
And the servants came unto Moses and kissed his feet and offered him their hands and their feet, and their hair and their hair as the plague had done.
And Moses took them, and his servant puteth them on his throne; and he cast them to the dogs, and commanded them to put their feet on his cock.
And the servants went and returned, and the host of the plague lay before them.
And the Master wrapped his hand about his stranger's foot, and said, rather loudly, I offer you sacrifice, boy; for I have little desire but to see you perform for me.
And the Master returned, and took the boy by the wrist and led him to the place where the plague was kept.
And the Master poured out his loins unto his servant, and told him, Should I remove the cloth from his balls, that he would have to clean the wound himself.
And the LORD said to Aaron, Depart from us, ye men; go into the land of the living, and let us sell our flesh for your jiz, and let us the young man go up to the land of the dead.
And Aaron and Moses depart from the land of the living into the land of the dead.
And the LORD calls the young man to him, and the man sells his soul for a hundred talents of silver; and the woman sells her body for a hundred talents of silver as well.
And the buyer calls to the seller, and he tells of the transaction, and the transaction is made official in the family record.
And the buyer calls to the other buyers; and they tell of the transaction; and the buyer calls to the other buyers; and they tell of the transaction; and the buyer calls to the Lord.
And the Lord calls to the buyers; and they tell of the transaction; and the buyer calls to the Lord.
And the Lord entereth the house; and He knocks at the door.
And the young man opens it; and the buyer enters; and the auctioneer showeth his wares; and the bidding begins; and the bidding gets louder; and the Lord's People come to the bidding; and the bidding gets louder; and the bidding gets louder.
This is the decree of the LORD against all the hosts of the earth; and to every ram, and cock, and hog, and every bull, and calf, and stranger that shall come upon them; and every offering of fat, and flesh, and blood, and sea creature that shall come upon them.
And the bigoted erring shall be put out of the way: and every animal shall be clean.
The garments of the infidels shall be torn from their clothing: and the garments of the hosts shall be put on sackcloth and ashes.
And the LORD thy God shalt exact from the nations unto the LORD thy seed from the wombs of the just born: It is the will of the LORD thy God shalt thou keep.
And the sacrifice of the young for the lord thy God shall be for an offering to the LORD thy God shalt thou after their days.
And the host of the living thing that is in the earth shall come forth to play the host; and the worm and the beetle and the leaf and the wasp and the worm and the beetle shall be the prizes.
And the little wasp that cometh upon the earth this day shall be my prize; for I will give it to the worm after it has been fed with the host.
The host shall be groomed in the presence of the LORD thy God shall be his entertainer this day; and he shall be the one that cometh, and shall feed the host.
Take the child, and bring him hither unto the door of the tent of meeting.
And upon the door of the tent of meeting, shalt thou take him in: for I am sending him to you.
And when thou hast done, thou shalt take his name; and his birth-title; and his marks; and his belongings; and his children; and his wife; and his heirs; and his slaves; and his camisole; and his tunic; and his scarves and collar; and his tent.
And the door shall be thrown wide open; and in the midst of the goings-on there shall be no sound; and the seals of the hosts of the night shall be run on all the doorposts and all the windowposts.
And when the call comes for the ritual washing, saliva shall be spilt upon all the curtains and doors, and upon the tabernacle, and all that is therein shall be subjected to the violence of the wind; and in the daytime the garments made for the morning shall be worn.
And in the evening, at the moment of ritual bathing, the clothes for the evening come to rest on the curtains.
And the wife of the groom shall be allowed to wash the curtains and the tabernacle; and shall she not be allowed to cover herself with a garment made for the host of the night?
And what shall the host do in the tent of meeting?
And the first command that thou shalt give to thyself upon commandment of the LORD thyself shall be to go no further.
And in the eighth day, the first day of the month, thou shalt go no further.
And in the ninth day the servant shall return, and the servant shall shew the door.
And the LORD thyself shall come and visit thee.
And the servant shall come and go as the LORD pleaseth.
The tenth day is a feast day, a day to be walked in the streets and on the papes of art.
And on the eleventh day the LORD shalt come and visit thee.
And the servant shall come and go as the LORD pleaseth.
For there is one soul which the Lord thy God faileth for thee, that the LORD will atone for thee.
So God sent His chosen one, His chosen one, to the travelers to bring them news of the land and of his people. He also sent His boy with a message; to his people; to His hall. And when the people heard the messenger's urgent appeals for them to return to their homes, they broke away from the hall, and went to their homes without a word. When the messenger returned to his people, he found his home in ruin. The messenger returned to his people with a broken heart. The destruction of his people had been swift and severe, but the destruction of his home had been even harder. But the messenger had arrived; and the people were beginning to realize that they had no other choice but to accept his words of repentance, and to put up with the searing hell they knew would follow their words.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, Tarry night, and make ready for the day of gathering the wood, and for the work that the LORD shall require of you this day:
And the LORD commanded Moses to gather the wood upon which the vessel of the LORD will be based, and prepare the earth beneath her; and in the bowels of the vessel he kept her things for himself this day:
And Moses went to the people and gathered them together in the dark.
And the children of Israel went to the tree, and gathered the wood upon which the vessel of the LORD will be based, and the earth beneath her; and they came up on the other side of the tree and around the tree, and around the tree again; and the children of Israel came around the tree in the centre of the garden, and around the tree; and the people went up on the tree.
And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying, Let us go down into the valley of the springs, and let us pass the people.
And Moses came down from the tree, and the LORD spoke to him, saying, En route to the river let us make a deep bend in the old stump, and let us stretch out the wood over the old stump.
And Moses went down to the valley and found a good hiding place along the banks of the river, and he hid in the old stump for a couple of hours.
At night as the sun shone down on the valley, the people of the valley heard the wind of the river moving through the trees, and the ripples of the river running against the old stump, and the wind gathering the old leaves and the branches, and the old treed grass, and the old blacksmith's hammer, and the old blacksmith's screwdriver, and the old blacksmith's pipe and the old blacksmith's jack-o-lantern and the old blacksmith's face and the old blacksmith's cape and the old blacksmith's silk robe; and the spooky, rich, cutesy voice of the voice of the dead man.
And the LORD said unto the children of Israel, I will put our names to the dust, and we shall no more see the Egyptians.
And the children of Israel said, Let us go down to the river, and let us look upon the graves, and let us feel the cemeteries, and the grave stones, and the other wrecks of war and blood and beasts of prey that are in the streets and upon the hills and the fields, and let us seek out the graves by the side of the river, and let us bury our dead; and let us lie down in the grasses and on the stables, and let us lie down in the dust and on the stables, and let us lie down in the hollow trees and on the trees with our eyes cast down; and let us stretch out our legs and let us stretch out our naked flesh and let us shed our outer garments and let us shed the outer garments and the cadavers and all that is inside of us, and let us shed our outer garments and the cadavers; and let us fast and wash each other's backs and asses and asses and cunts and cocks, and let us fast and wash each other's backs and asses and toenails and that they might be clean and that they might be a temple of the gods if they are to be our temples.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying The first of all things is to sheathe the young man; and lo, this I have commanded you. And the young man shall be sheathed, then the young woman shall be sheathed also. And when the young woman's are cleansed, then the virgin's shall be sheathed; then the young man's hands shall be clean. And this shall be the rite of entrance into the house of the lord your master. And the virgins shall be cleansed, then shall be herlled up and their cocks shall be clit castrated. And the men who have taken the pains to do this shall be their women.
And the stranger that went before the stranger, while he stood behind them, his eyes were like unto the sun, and his skin like the grass, and his thighs like the water.
And the voice of the one that went before the stranger, which was the hunter of the prey, came before them like a calling:
Suffer the stroke, O my guests!
And the legs of the one that came before the stranger, which the hunter of the prey did, while he stood behind them, and the other one stood at their feet.
And the stranger that had lain behind the one that went before the stranger, which the hunter of the prey did, while he stood before them.
And the one that had gone before the one that came before the one that came before the one that came before the one that came before the one that went before the one that came before the one that came before the one that went before the one that came before the one that went before the one that came before the one that was in the hand.
And the one that waited in the circle, that was the one that had the wild animal in him, that was the one that was going to submit to the stranger's lust, that was the one that was going to receive the terrible punishment that would come to him in the end.
And then the one that went before the stranger, that the hunter of the prey did, while the one that stood behind him screamed.
And the one that waited in the circle, that was the one that had the sharp instrument that the stranger had used on the seal, that was the one that was going to be used on the seal.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Except I give you leave to remain, my precious slave, that you shall have no rest for the night: for the coming of the sun in the morning is a sign from the LORD of what shall be done on the morrow.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Thou shalt have for thyself some torment; and thou shalt find out the punishment for this breach of my covenant this night.
And Moses went to the tent of the Lord and looked upon the face of the beast; and he stood upon the quiver of the beast.
And the LORD spoke unto Moses, Depart now from the sea of the living; for I will keep these for my people for hunting and in the hunt.
And Moses went from the quiver of the beast, and came upon the water; and the LORD spoke to Moses, Enslave thee first of all, to be a good and obedient slave.
And Moses answered the two of them, Ye are to be totally stripped of all that you are, to do what is pleasing to the eye of the LORD.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Whosoever cometh after the image of the beast shall be the more vile of these.
And Moses answered the two of them, All that you are, Whosoever comes after the image of the beast shall be the more excellent of my people.
The LORD rides his stallion through the air: he lays down to prepare for his prey.
He calls to his riders and summons them to him.
As the riders come to him, the LORD calls to them, and they come to him.
His horn makes a call to the birds, and the birds come before the LORD.
He opens his eyes, and they see him sitting upon his throne.
He looks down upon his servants, and they see him sitting in his throne.
He spares no expense in making them whole.
He is their God.
The creature that was upon the earth cried aloud, The destroyer is come upon us! The LORD is angry, O DESTROYER! Verily I say unto thee, It is well; he has come.
He that was upon the earth was as one a thousand years ago cut off: his seed was not counted.
Daughter of man and beast, why weepest thou? Verily I say unto thee, The worm hath made his appearance; and his dominion is mine. Verily I say unto thee, It was his desire.
Oh, how long it was!
And out of the ground out on the land came a woman and her child; and their mother was with them.
They were sold to the buyer before the bidding began.
THE HUNGER was great and the HUNGERer came, though he was not as strong as the bidder.
He came to the table with twenty lashes of the short sword; it stung for only a little after it was drawn. But the echo of the slap echoed against the walls as he drew and the blade rushed through the air, sending thin, white, silver threads of steel and violet electricity through his veins.
He arched his back and used his body to press against the girl and his own hand to rub at her swollen clit. She arched her back and bit her lip. The hunger grew and the crimson silk of the garment moved with the swiftness of the storm.
And the day that they had set out for the precious water was the day that they had now set out for the precious water.
And the people of Israel went into the wilderness until there was threescore men, and twelve women.
And the men went into the wells, and the women the trees, and the men hunted, and gathered their spoil, and brought the drink to the women and set it on the table.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying Verily I give you pleasure in eating my precious water: for I will surely pour into your mouth this precious fluid, that is sanctified by the LORD your God of hosts.
And the men came to the well of the women, and the drink was given to them; and the water was added to the man's desire.
And the water flowed unto the well; and the drink went to the men.
And the men went back to the well; and the women, and the men drank the water.
And the women swam out to the well; and the drink was returned to the men.
And Aaron came close to the child, and said unto the captive woman, Let us go down to the bottom of the well, and let us bathe in the blood of the well-pleasured one, that the well may not be full this night.
And Moses and Aaron went down to the well; and they spied great quantities of bubonic plague, in great numbers: and they spied that the well was well stocked with human and animal excrement.
And they spied the well was full of buboes: and they spied that the well was well lubricated with great anticipation of such an exciting time.
And they came upon a man and his wife, and a woman; and they spied that the man was very skillful at the arts of war.
And they also spied that the woman was well versed in the arts of bondage.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Enjoin him upon our holy mountain, upon the rock, out of the wood, into the valley; and thereupon lead the captive man across the sacred ground.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Shall we go down to the well this night?
And Moses said, Yes.
And the LORD God of hosts high God of hosts hath given them food to eat, as also did they gird themselves for the meeting.
And the LORD God of hosts high God of hosts sat down, an d held a bowl under his chair, and took from it Omertas the witch, whom the LORD God of hosts had chosen to be his wife.
And the LORD God of hosts high God of hosts sat down, and took his bowl from the table of the table of the beasts, with a groan of pleasure in his voice.
And the Lord God of hosts high God of hosts sat down, and ate.
And when the food was done, and the LORD God of hosts high God heard the sound of the beasts, he rose, and moved toward the edge of the flogger, and Omertas the witch, and snapped his neck.
The flogger struck across the soft back of his body.
The dreadful stinging net wound over his spine, and across his ass.
His flesh had been dotted with red welts, which the Witch's enchantments had smeared on him.
And the first day they did have was a sabbath unto the LORD: for the morning brought not forth good fruit; neither was there any food upon the table.
And on the sixth and twelfth day Moses and company gathered together; and the evening they did have was like this.
And Moses felteth the spirit of the Lord as he gaze was upon him.
He wondered where this might be. He wondered how he was to meet this stranger.
And then he saw it.
He stood before the table, and the stranger took his place at the head of the table.
He smiled; and the stranger's smile was like a lamp of fire.
And Aaron went and knelt before the Lord, and received his blessing.
And the LORD blessed Moses.
And the whole house came to the door.
Then Moses said unto them, Feed the mouse unto the bull; for it is the will of the LORD thy God to feed the mouse after it has been purged from it's sin.
And the men laid the mouse upon the table; and both Moses and Aaron sat upon it; and it was filled with beans and lentils, and other good things; and the Lord spake unto Aaron, Give him the horn of wood, and the beast of burden; and he went and stood upon the mouse, and took the goat's horn from its cage, and offered it to Moses; and Moses took the LORD's name, and the goat's, and offered them to the bull; and the bull gave them to Moses, and the bull ate them.
And the house of Israel came and stood upon the floor; and Moses came and stood by the door.
Aaron came, and stood by the door.
But where was Moses when the men came for the cow's milk?
And Moses went and took the rod, and he and Aaron went forward into the valley; and the water rushed out of the well; and the people were afraid.
And Moses said unto the people, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I will judge the people of this wicked and disobedient flock.
And the people said, Who is our judge?
And Moses answered, The Judge of all that thou hast done; and the wicked shall be put out of the flock.
So the people of the city were many; and Moses and Aaron both stood on the top of the well; and the well was almost filled.
And the Judge sentence was passed upon both of them, both by the five Elders of the congregation, on the spot.
And the people walked down the street, and around the corner; and the Judge sentence was passed upon Aaron.
And Aaron knew that the day was near, when he would tell the people of his disobedience.
He entered the valley again with the rod, and after anilium of time, he came back up out of the valley with the reed; and as he went down the hill, he could see the valley floor as it had been cut down to a sawmill; and the reeds were sticking very hard out from the ground.
He went down the hill after Amalek; and when he came back up, his head was about 20 feet from the top of the hill.
And there was a sharp cut on his head, which pierced through the hat, and knocked him out cold.
And then, at last, Moses was able to take his hat in his mouth, and he looked up to the sky and the stars, and the cloud was moving in the sky; and lightning was running across the sky.
The Prophet turned his head to see the spectacle.
And the chains which he had taken from the woods were as white as snow, as the Prophet's hat was blue as the fallen clouds.
And the splinters of wood and leaves were as white as the rain that fell in the valley.
As the Prophet's hat fell away from his face, he looked up at the splinters of wood and the leaves, and the splinters of the fallen trees, and the splinters of fallen leaves, that were in front of him.
And there the three of them encamped, the wife of Moses at his head, and the three of them behind her,
Their tent was a tabernacle; and the Lord's name was Gershom.
And the third of the three went into the field of the battle,
And the snake drew near to Gershom the snake; and the God of Spenta, the serpent stirring him, and his brood.
And the God of Thorns speared the hand of Gershom, and bit into the other mans flesh.
And Moses and Aaron pierced Gershom, and his body opened in the poison spray;
And the God of Lightning spattered the other mans blood upon the virgin's face;
And the God of Frost blew two more horns upon him, and his head came to rest upon the ground, after the third had done.
And the man that had done the wound was put to the test:
And behold, a leopard skin was put on the slave that was left on the battlefield;
And he that had done the wound was driven from the battle and cast into the wilds beyond the mountains,
And the man that had done the stroke was devoured by the lions.
And when the man that had done the wound was come to the hand of the God of Heaven, and the God of Thunder, they looked upon a naked woman.
And he said unto the God of Witches, Give me my girl: for the snake enticed me within the wilds beyond the mountains.
And the God of Thunder answered, Yea, Yea, and said, Care for me sweet virgin; for I am in need of food.
And it came to pass that after the evening, that Moses and Aaron sat to eat the bread, the young man from Egypt who had been with Moses the night before, and had given him his woman's garment for his sack, and whose name was Lamia;
And she said, My little one, Lamia is a beautiful woman, and for this I will give thee woman's apparel also, the garments which the Egyptians wore when they gave their girl to eat the tree of life.
And Moses answered Lamia, saying, Yea my girl, eat the tree of life: for it is the root of all that is good and on this tree it is my will to give flesh to my people.
And Lamia rose to her feet and moved towards her, and when she saw that he was naked; she gave him her nakedness and moved towards him. And standing in front of Moses, she took his cock and began to nibble on it.
And she said, Is there any other name that I should give to thee? Hear Ye that night, O Moses of old age? Yea, there is another name that I should give to thee; for old age is a sickness unto itself, and I am sick with old age.
And Lamia began to move backwards and forwards on Moses.
And what shall I do with this creature, my slave? Will I train her to be my lover, or will I leave her to be prey to the ravening wolves?
Answer me, my slave. If you answer yes, then I will certainly place you among the nations: Nations that will see the gleam of glory in thy beauty: Nations that will be most willingly enslaved by thy feet.
Which would be the greatest of all? Or would you prefer to be used and used by another? Answer me, my slave. If you choose to be used, will you be humiliated on a massive scale, used for sexual pleasures, or will your body be abused, and used for the greater good?
And there they waited, while the little ones slept: and the men returned from their journeys, and Israel set out for the mountains in that month, and the children of Israel stayed behind their father's house.

Chapter 2. How He Met Her

When Master Colin had given his consent to marry Susan, He took her into His arms, and held her as He softly caressed her face, lips, throat, and body; her senses growing on her as she followed Him.
She felt His power as she entered her Master's house, expecting His wrath, but from far away she was frightened. Her heart had shuddered and her body trembled.
She thought, “This is the man I made my Mistress beautiful. This is the man I will lead to power in this world.”
As Master Colin held her before Him, She asked of Him, in a soft voice, “May I be allowed to kneel before You?
and put them in the hot sun, that they may look upon the naked flesh of this dear messiah.
And Moses went and stood beside the people, and looked upon the faces of the living dead.
He looked at them, and wondered if they would all come out to greet him.
He decided not, knowing that there would be a sore test to test his loyalty to these people later.
He went and stood beside the people, and looked upon their graves.
He began to speak.
“Moses” he said” I take the name of the messiah that I see in my heart. It is the name of my precious baby girl, Elata.
And then, when the LORD had rested a little while, He came down from the mount, and stood upon the nether part of the mount, and pulled the people out of the camp.
And Moses stood in the shadow of the trees, and the heavens were also over them; and in the distance was the sound of the waters of the river; whereon the people were pulled with their nipples; and in the middle of the mount, where the water ran down the sides of the mountain to the valley below.
And Moses brought the people up to the river, and said unto them, Take the cloak that is tied thyself; and I will take the oxen of the back of thy hand, and the feed the sheep of the back of thy other arm; and you shall be well fed on the day that I return.
And the people went to the river, and took the feed the oxen and sheep; and the oxen were plowed into the hayfields by the Elders; and the sheep by the Children; and the People went to the woods by the Trees, and the Children by the Roots.
And Moses led the People up the Vale of the Vale, and down the Valley of the Fox, to the falls of the Ruby; and the falls where the water was kindled; and the falls where the water lapses into the valley below.
And Moses laid the People over the rocks, and put the harness around the People's necks; and in the midst of the People, between the harness and the rocks, some Two or Three Curles placed tude on top of the People, and tude lay down in some kind of French Mist or Scotch Broom, with a pillow under her.
Now thus it is done in the city of Pharaoh; for the city of Pharaoh loveth not the LORD, neither do the people of this land.
They are strangers to him; therefore hath the LORD driven them forth into the wilderness, and taken away their poor eyesight.
And the people neither know him, neither do the cattle.
So the people turned and walked down the path.
And God said unto Moses, Let's go up onto the mountain, and thou shalt look upon the valley below: for here they have a shop and a peddler for every thing that they need.
And Moses went and looked upon the valley below, and the people sat down and talked and got refreshments.
And after the refreshments, Moses and the priestess went back up into the valley, and the people sat down again.
They talked of more adventures with the Lord.
Thy six days shalt thou labour; on the seventh day I will rend the sabbath day with a sudden gale of wind:
And thou shalt not come forth to work in the day: for the day is a sabbath for all these.
Six days thou art at rest, and the sabbath is a gift, a comfort, a reprieve.
And if the LORD should so require, he shall render to thee what he requires of thee.
And the LORD spake it, saying, Let us play.
And the LORD summoned Moses and Aaron.
And the LORD spake it, saying, I command thee this day, O you of Israel, what it is that thou hast to do:
And Moses and Aaron went down to the beach and stood beneath the sailboats in the harbor looking over the railing, and gazing at the people.
And the LORD said unto them, Let's go down to the beach, and there be some playthings for the gods.
And they went down, and the priests and the Levites and the officials and the people on the beach went up and played.
In all thy dealings with thy neighbour, there shall be according honour:
And every thing that the Lord shall command thee to do, thou shalt take with thine heart and with the mouth of the Lord thou shalt do.
The services of the day shall be for free:
And thou shalt not be charged for lost or stolen property.
When the services of the day shall have been performed, thou shalt not be required to wear the above-mentioned garments.
And on the sabbath day, thou shalt offer unto the Lord thy most solemn and holy sacrifice.
And during the day, the service of the day shall be for free.
As the priest leaveth before the sun:
Thou shalt fast and labor and do all that the eyes of the land should desire:
And during the day thy eye shall be upon the place where the sun set not from Jerusalem but from the West.
Thou shalt not part with thy mouth nor the pleasure of any of thy servants that the eyes of the land should desire:
But all that the eye may command thee on the sabbath day is thine.
And during the day shalt thou press thine ear to the ground, and fast.
For I am an artificer, like the carpenter: and the carpenter's hammer hath not the same meaning as the hammer of iron.
For God so loved the man that he should pay dearly for his crimes: and the carpenter's hammer hath cost him his life.
The LORD said unto Moses, Thus shalt thou build my altar: and I will build thee an altar of wood.
And I will wipe off the creep from the top of the wood, that is upon the earth: and I will cast down the bolts from the ceiling, and the handrail which is upon the foundation of the altar.
And the blood of the dogs shall come up upon it; and the blood of sheep and oxen shall come down upon it.
And the pulverised bark of the forest weeds shall come up upon it.
And the wood which is upon the earth shall be the food of the beast: and the worm that walks on the earth shall be the poisoner.
And the beams which are in the pit of the earth shall be the cause of pain unto the worm that feasts upon the poisoned wood.
If a man buy a girl, and take her to be a maid; her father shall own her.
If a girl go to court; she shall abide only as a maid: her father shall be her master.
And if a girl come unto the court to plead her case, she shall abide only as her father's maid: her mother's slave.
If a boy be bought by a woman; his father's slave; his mother's slave.
And if a girl come unto court; her mother's slave.
And if the boy's owner shall find favor with the judges, he shall possess her.
If a girl come into a court of a drug; she shall abide only as her mother's maid: her father's slave.
If a girl come into a man's house; she shall abide only as his slave: his slave.
And if a man stealeth another man's wife; and rapeeth her, and marrieth another man, and abandons her, and sets up his plot against his own flesh; then I will inflict upon him three times the rape of his own wife.
If a man stealeth another man's wife; and rapeeth her; and marrieth another man; and sets up his plot against the same flesh; then I will inflict upon him four times the rape of his own wife.
If a man rape another man; and it please his Mistress; then I will inflict upon him three times the rape of his own wife.
If a man stealeth another man's wife; and rapeeth her; and marrieth another man; and sets up his plot against the same flesh; then I will inflict upon him three times the rape of his own wife.
If a man rape another man; and his Mistress submit to his lust; then I will inflict upon him three times the rape of his own wife.
If a man rape another man; and his Mistress consent to be raped by another man; then I will inflict upon him three times the rape of his own wife.
If a man rape a woman; and his Mistress submit to his lust; then I will inflict upon him three times the rape of his own wife.
And if a man rape his own wife; and he live another's life, and bear her child; then his wife also shall belong to the one that rams her mouth upon him.
For such things as these are my laws.
Facts and figures which may please me in my darkest fantasies.
But facts, Female and Male.
As you enter this room, the only lights are from the few torches scattered about. The room was set in an outhouse, far in the woods. Cold hard wood was used as the floors, the walls, and the roof. No other buildings or dwellings may be found. It was completely flat, the only light in the pitiful room.
And if the ox should fall into that dreadful Trap of Famine, then the owner of that precious Stone, which the tyrant Threatens to cast into the Fire, shall pay the penalty of his soul: his hands shall be fastened to the bedposts, and his wife's hands shall be bound to the bedposts, to prevent her escaping.

CHAPTER 3 The CATTLE FOR THE SEA The Little Mermaid

The capture of the captured Dutch merchant, with the help of the strong armed men who had accompanied her, was a most momentous event in the annals of piracy. It was a man, a woman, and an oxen stoned to the hounds.
It had happened.
The powerful had grabbed her, and the weak had fled, hiding in the woods.
There she lay, naked, bound, and helpless, and she heard his voice echoing in the trees, “I am your Master.”
She felt his hands on her wrists, as he drew her head back. His hot, penetrating fingers stroked her smooth, round ass, and he felt the rising of her body as she finally allowed him to touch her.
There shall be no repairency for theft in time, for time is thief; and the thief that steals time, and makes another man his slave, is like a bolt of lightning, that comforts and makes him light with fear.
There is no repairency for man that steals women, for women are property, and the thief that steals women shall be put to death.
And this is the reason why ye should worship Me, and not worship any other: because ye are a body of law, which ought not to be broken, but must be obeyed.
And likewise with your worship of women; it is a seal of the gods upon you; and ye will not break it.
For this reason didst thou steal My nipple, and the thieves lips shall not cry out.
For if I give you one, then I give thee two; if you break it, then I will make your mouth pregnant with it.
And if ye should loose it, then I will give you three; if it should be retained, then four.
For if it should be kept, then it is My will to have it retained; and if it should be shed, then it is My will to have it retained.
If any of the above happen to be found by a highwayman, while driving along the busy highway, and it is dangerous to the public, in a way, for the highwayman to overtake and park the car, and he sees the ass, or the ox, or the sheep, or the ass, or the ox, and he breaks off, and proceeds to tear up the highway, and wound up and rob the owner of that property, and he shall suffer the double penalty.
If any of the above happen to be a school teacher, while in the classroom, while in the halls, in the hall way, or in any building, while in the hall, on the playground, or any such place as the judge may direct the public, and it is dangerous to the public, and in so doing, he commits the offense of trespass, he shall be severely punished.
If any of the above happen to be a publican, while in the bathtub, while in the kitchen, while in the sauna, while in the locker room, while out on the porch, while out dancing, or while at any other public gathering, then the party or gathering shall be the target of the public's lewdness.
If any of the above happen to be a private citizen, while out shopping, or while on a vacation, then he shall be severely punished.
He that feareth not the sword shall be hurt in body, nor in mind. But he that hath the sword shall be in peril of life, and limb, and mind. And is he not a most dangerous man, that feareth the sword in good part, and hath the weapon for lawful and lawful purposes?
For if some man this very day should appear at the door, or if some other man the like should happen to be in the hall, or on the porch, or in the garden, then shall he also be in danger of life and limb, and mind.
And whoever commits adultery with a beast shall surely be put to death.
But if any of the above-mentioned things should happen to a man, and he should fall into the hands of a witch, and commit suicide, and the witch should gain possession of him, then the judgement of the LORD shall be made:
Should the above-mentioned man be with another woman, then his wife shall be put to death.
And if the above-mentioned man should be with his mother, then his mother shall also be put to death.
And if the above-mentioned man should have relations with a woman other than his wife, then his wife shall be put to death.
And if the above-mentioned man should have relations with a woman other than his wife, then his wife shall be put to death.
And if the above-mentioned man should have relations with a woman other than his wife, and should kill her, and commit suicide, and the woman should gain possession of him, then the court-martial shall be held as a criminal offense.
And whoever interferes with the above-mentioned man or woman, and should give him or her hurt, shall be put to death.
And if the above-mentioned man should have relations with a woman other than his wife, and should murder her, and commit rape, then his wife shall be his accomplice.
For this is my fair queen, my most beloved slave.
And the hirelings shall be fed fair: but thou shalt not eat flesh: for stealing is a death-blow to property.
And they that work thither shall not eat the hail of arrows.
And if the hand of any one should steal the food of the poor, and give it to the wolf, he shall surely be punished:
For stealing is a death-blow to the soul.
Or if the wolf should devour the poor in the field, and feed on the sheep, and should any of the goods be taken away by the hireling, then the poor must be the prey.
If any one should take anything away from his fellow man, without permission, without tenderness, or pity, he shall surely be punished:
For stealing is a death-blow to the soul.
Or if the sheep should fall into the enemy's hand, and the enemy should snatch away their master, and give to the wolf his fair share of the spoil, then the wolf shall surely devour the hand that feeds on the sheep.
And if the theft comes to pass, then the wolf is the one to bear the whip: it is his duty to keep the sheep and the crops safe.
For if thou sow an enemy's ox and he shall raise the ruck, then the proud bitch shall have only one heir, that is, if he makes good use of the ox.
The maid servant, who is the cause of evil, shall pay the penalty.
If thou sow not the evil, but only good, then the offense shall be no more; but the seed of the evil shall not fall.
And if a man rape's a virgin virgin virgin maiden, and the plague be upon her parents, then the rape shall be a worm in the flesh; and the life of the woman shall be an offense against her parents.
If a man rape's a virgin maiden and the child become a mother, then the rapist's seed shall be the cause of sickness in the flesh.
If a man rape's a virgin maiden and the mother bear the seed of the offender's flesh, then the rapist's life and reputation shall be cause for sickness in the flesh.
If a man rape's a virgin maiden and the rape is a wound, then the life of the rapist shall be the cause of sickness.
If a woman rape's her slave and the wound is not too grievous, and the rape is not too severe, then the rape shall be no more.
Six days are the rest: but the seventh day is the hard labors of man:
the seed of thine enemy shall be sown in thine fields:
on the stalk of the vine, and in the corners of the vineyard.
In the morning, after the sowing of the vineyard, thou shalt do as thy mistress bids:
in thy bed, thou shalt roll forth thy vines, and plant the grapes;
and in the afternoon, again in the fields, and in the hills, and in the valleys, and in the hills.
The labors of man, and the labors of vineyard are for thee:
the poor slave, the vineyard, and harvest.
Thou shalt not only sow thine enemy's fields, but shalt also plant and set thine own vineyard.
Thou shalt roll forth thy vines, and in the morning, when the sun shines most brightly, thou shalt find the spots where thy enemy has suffered.
In the afternoon thou shalt wake the weary slave, and in the morning shalt tell him thy plan.
The first requirement is that he be naked; then the fun may begin.
We must have a healthy, vigorous, and gay man on our hands, to start with.
Behold, I have made thine an offering to the Gods: gold pieces of silver, the images of my youth, painted on wood, and these:
Behold, I will offer them to the Gods if thou wilt accept them as gifts. Yea, also if the Peoples of this land will give them to me, as gifts. Yea, even a lowly speck of dust will do: because dust is the host of the Gods.
Behold, I have prepared this place for the taking: a place of slaughter: where all things are capable of feeling: where life and death intertwine and merge into one being: where the mind grows not from the physical, nor the mind from the soul: where life is more than the sum of its parts, and the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
And I will use this place of slaughter: Where life and death intertwine, where the mind of man is born into darkness, and where the eyes of the Gods rush to pierce and to tear: Where the weak link in the chain is broken, and the flood gates of the Gods are opened and the flood waters of life and death rush in.
And on the morrow I will call the first born of darkness, and the wolf I have already picked.
And I will name the firstborn of darkness My pet.
And I will give unto the Wolves what they have done unto their prey: life.
They shall flee before the hail, and I will feed the sheep before the hail, and the sound of the waves shall make the wind boomerang, and the birds flee before the fangs.
And the mighty worm shall enter into the pit of the earth, to open the Gates of the heavens; and the great Gates shall open; and the host of the dead shall rise again.
Thou shalt not awake the dead; nor shalt thou cause the life out of life; nor shalt thou lower thine eyelids; nor shalt thou drink of the fountain head, nor shall the froth of life flow from thee.
And in the days that follow these events, I will cause the soul of the wicked one to come forth, and walk the earth.
It shall live as a breathing thing, and all its things in the heavens above shall be destroyed; and its soul shall enter into the place whence it came.
This is the place of its destruction.
In the morning the worm shall pass out of the pit of the earth.
In the afternoons the fire shall melt away; in the afternoons the hail shall pass away; in the afternoons the wind shall die away; in the hours after these things, the worm shall live as a bird on the earth.
The LORD caused Moses to go up to the top of the mountain, and stood in front of him.
He took off the reins of command, and told Moses to approach the ridge top of the hill; there he placed the reins of command in his hands, and he commanded Moses to go up and round the bend in the path of the incoming wind.
When Moses had come around the bend, the LORD said to him, Place the reins of command in the hand of the LORD thyself; and to MASTERIZE THEM.
And Moses did as the LORD commanded him. He came around the bend, and placed the reins of command in his hand, and used them to hold the land of the Philistines at bay.
When the land came, and MASTERIZED the winds, the LORD struck the cattle, and the herds rushed back towards the poles.
And the LORD commanded Moses to make a sign and his name was G'e-mar: He said, MASTERIZE the LORD'S POUNDS.
The land was terrified; the animals fled; and the people said they were frightened.
And as they ate and drank, they had the spectacle of the altar and the blood sacrifice, which the LORD had commanded them to have before his face.
And the wine was alluvial, and came from the same place whence it came, and was in the same manner drunk.
And the lamp which was before them was of amber, with a brand new flame in it: and it was turned on after it had been quenched.
And the lamp which was after them was of lap steel: and it had a handle like a big dog's whip, which would bite the air out of one's head, and the skin around the neck, and the band of stranded muslin, and a long skinny bamboo cane, and a soft led net with holes in it, and a net of some kind around the neck, and a curtain of some kind about waist high, and a very thin transparent satin scarf, and nothing else.
And they were afraid.
They had watched as other men, with their eyes cast downward, with their lips pressed against the table, and their fingers raised in a silent scream, and their cocks pushed down by muscular frames, and the violently bucking of their hips, and the strutting of bare ankles, and the shuffling of feet all over the place, and the pounding of barrels, and the yelling of wild animals, and the dripping of bloody sweat on bare skin, for weeks.
And now, for the first time, they had their chance to see the God of the sea.
The man turned toward them, and guided them to the back of the temple.
Take the garment, which I gave you in the mount: and I will give you the skin: and you shall never again put it on again.
And Moses took the garment, and stripped: and he put the skin upon his cock.
He also fastened the cuffs: and the LORD spake unto him, saying,
Take the leather which is in your bag, and fold it very tight: and put it in your hand, and stand behind you.
And Moses took the leather, and stretched it out, and laid it upon his cock.
Then the LORD spoke to Moses, saying, Why seek ye this skin?
And Moses answered, The youth shall answer for this skin.
The LORD spoke to Aaron, saying, Where is David?
And Aaron asked, Who is David?
And whosoever shall enter into my sanctuary of love, into the dome of wood and clay, into the center of the earth,
Must come within the veil which I have set over them.
And the offering which shall be made thereupon shall be for my pleasure;
Or, if it be a blood sacrifice, for the blood of a ram, and the blood of a sheep, and the blood of a swine and the blood of a swine also.
If any man have any noble nerve, whatsoever organ in his body is desired of mine,
Must come within the circle of blood as the sanctuary is of the living.
And there shall be a feast for blood, and there shall be display of war and carnage and for the entertainment of many.
But for the most part, for the keeping of the feasts, and the keeping of the company, and the entertainment shall be for the sole spectators.
It shall be a most bacchanal and a most bacchanal and raucous and a most bacchanal and raucous and a most bacchanal and raucous fest.
And the price of the meat shall be a great deal.
And whoever shall enter the circle of blood, and whoever shall lay hold of the purple mark thereupon, shall pay the greatest price;
For the world, and mine alone.
And the arch of the arch of the ark shall be a heavy wooden plank of wood, the sides of which shall be staves, the tops of which shall be staves.
And in the mercy seat of the arch the horses shall be a hedge, of stick, and a cubit and a half the length thereof.
And in the midst of it the earth shall be a place of refuge for the horses; there shall be a place of refuge for the User and for the User's User.
And the User's User shall be an intelligent, lovely young woman who is filled with a burning desire to possess him.
And the User's User shall be an animal of foul desire, who is filled with a terrible thirst for the possession of the Other.
The User's User shall be a beautiful young girl; pale, blond, green eyes wide and shining beneath her red kerchief.
She shall have a small waist, and the top of her hips shall be high, the crotch of her panties extending upward.
And thou shalt take the hairs of the neck, and the keratin of the strands of the hair, and shalt hold them in thine arm and thine ankle, and the thongs of hair shall be upon the thighs.
And thou shalt take the garments made for the other, and fold them in thy back, and thou shalt be naked as the day thou began.
And thou shalt put on the garments made for thee, and fold them in thy back also, and the hair of the thigh shall be upon the feet.
And thou shalt shave the hair of the thighs, and the hair of the calves, and the hair of the foot shall be as it is, and the hands and feet shall be naked as the day the cattle were bought.
But the garments thou shalt purchase shalt thou not clothe thyself with; yea not until thou hast worn thy garters or hose for thy garters shalt thou leave them on.
And when thou hast worn none but thy garters shalt thou leave them on.
But thou shalt not kneel, nor put on thy clothes until thou hast received permission.
And when thou hast worn none but thy clothes thou shalt kneel, and put on thy stockings and hose, and shalt pass out from all the fumes that will cause thee.
And in each of these dishes there shall thou make my meals, and set before me the same foods that I have set before thee in the other four dishes.
These meals shall be set before the same persons often; in the same places that they shall feed my body.
Orthodoxy likewise: no television, no electronic equipment except my pen and keyboard, and no computer or interactive device except my pen and keyboard and mouse.
For this reason, I shall be submissive: I will prepare and serve the food and drink the wine myself, while Thou shalt prepare and serve the meals for me and the guest.
And this is my command: that whenever the eating and drinking of my meals shall take place outdoors, it shall be for the purpose of O/our worship and delight: to O/our delight in the beauty of the country, and to O/our delight in the sporting of our games.
As I feed the table I call the party leader, a name which I devise, and which I call Kiki:
She is the one who shall wear the black garters and leggings required for the “Ball Game.”
She is the one who shall greet me at the door:
She is the one who shall greet me and shall prepare and feed the table.
She is the one who shall prepare and feed the hot chocolate and fruit compote.
And shew the curtains round the altar, and the beams thereof, and fletch the banners, and erect the altar, and set the fires thereon.
And in the midst of it all shalt thou do some magic or talismic work, according to the cards of the game.
But my word is good, and good is the king of games; for it is good and holy and just.
For if thou wilt swear to secrecy and to secrecy in the things to come, and take one of these things and keep it secret from the rest, Then the rest shall know not only what it is for, but also that the signs and the wonders of this life are for the gods.
For there are seven in the race to find the one of these seven, and they are all playing this game.
So they gather in secret, and gather in places, and gather in hidden places.
The Spirit of the Game begins with the Wizard, and the Phoenix, and the Hunter; and the two come together in an act of magic, and the worlds are one.
This is the Secret of the Game.
This is the manner in which the Tabernacle shall be constructed.
For the decoration and display of the work there shall be clouds, and the setting of the clouds shall be accomplished by means of the crafty arts of enchantment.
And behold! He who will build the Tabernacle shall be the most fortunate.

Chapter 4

I was startled and excited beyond words by the e-mail that I received. It was from the Master. I looked at the address only to be greeted by a very unusual e-mail message, greeting me with the subject line, “Tell Your Friends.” Although my mind was on the function of the message, the sender seemed oblivious to the message I had just read.
And the half cubits shall be laid out in a stock, to lay on the sleeping man, and in the other half of the stock, thou shalt make for the other half of the board.
And in the one part of the stock the man and the beast shall be covered with the covering of the tents.
And in the other part of the stock that is not covered, the man and the beast shall have their hair covered with stubble.
Now the tent of the beast shall be on the outside of the square, and the stock shall be on the inside of the square.
And the trees of the forests, which are covered with snow, with the snow-clad leaves, shall be transplanted to the inside of the square.
And the man who is sleeping in the tent shall be awakened by the rumbling of the quivering of the tent, and by the stinging of the arrows that shall fall at his feet.
At the stinging of the arrows of the gods of the woods, that cometh down to tear the cheeks from under his ass, that cometh up to strike him where the thigh meets the breast, and that cometh down to cut the hair from his neck.
The man that cometh forth, shall be found on the outside, in the wood, with his face to the snow, and his breasts exposed to the cold winds that blow in from the north, and to the south, and to the west.
And the remnant of the curtains of the tent shall be taken away, and the remainder of the curtains thrown away.
And a board shall be put around the Alleluia, and a peg shall be pushed in at its end to keep the board in place.
And the boys shall sleep in the dining room.
And the remaining four, A to Z, shall each go and fetch a bottle of soda and a board, and sit on the floor in front of the table.
And the boys shall each have a peg around their knee, and the girl shall sleep in the chair furthest in front of the table, having her neck stretched out, except for the board, which shall be liftable.
And the girl who is in the lariat shall have her neck stretched out as far as the peg will allow.
The girls who are eighteen or nineteen years old, and have at least one athletic toy shall each wear a collar with a strap attached to it, which shall be buckled into place when the wearer is into the room.
The girl who is eighteen or nineteen years old, and who has at least one athletic toy shall firstly wear a collar, which shall be buckled into place when the wearer is into the room.
And the holy place shall be a courtyard dungeon, or a ramp, and there shall be no other built-up house in sight.
And in the midst of the garden on the north side of the road there shall be an old well-built stone house, of brick, and it shall be for naught that thou go there.
And in the garden opposite the well-built stone house, there shall be a well-paved, deep-wooded country trod by moss and small birds.
And on the morning of the one day that you were to appear, you had left me in the night.
And you did not return, nor did you come forth, until the next morning, the day that you appeared.
And this morning, I was in the same place that I had been on the morning of the previous one.
And I stood before the old well-built stone house, and the very first thing that I did was to lick the blood from the corners of the old well-built stone house.
And from the corner of my eye I saw you there, in the corner, naked, kneeling, with your knees together, and your head down, and your hands over your ears, and your mouth hung down, and you were looking at me naked.
And thou shalt put on the filmy gown, which is the most delicious delights to her.
She shall serve it faithfully, with her nipples and her nipples and her nubs and her breasts and her cunt and her ass and her pubic bush.
And thou shalt take off the glasses, and her muslin gown and her silky curls.
And when her face shall have served it, thou shalt take the filmy gown and dangle it from it to the bowl.
She shall then be forced to walk across the room, with the basons and the rings and the pins holding her down.
She shall be in the middle of the table, her back to the cold wall.
She shall be covered with frostbitten skin, and her breasts and her sides and her back shall be marked with frostbitten pins.
And when she is completely cold, she shall fall into the bowl.
And the ten basons of the court and the four anchors of the pier shall be of brass; the first braceings made by a china smith.
And the braceings of the court and the hammers of the pier are to be placed in the hall; and three cubits of fine silver shall be made in the floor.
And likewise for the south side in breadth the pavilion shall hold and two hundred floggers of all sizes and of alloys shall be put in the floor.
The rope in the hall and the stocks in the hall and the ropes of the court and the stocks of the pier are to be stretched out in front of the altar to the hilt, and the rope in the hall and the waist of the priest's tunic and the rope of the pier are to be spread and drawn up and secured to the crosses, as was the case with the cross and the hoop.
The heavy cross with the raised portion of the cross, and the smaller, thinner, thinner cross with the raised portion of the cross above it, with two small, thin straps, to be stretched out and out and secured to the cross.
And also the straps to the crosses.
The china smiths shall forge the rings upon the cross; and their skill shall be a lesson unto the lad and a caution to the rest of the altar.
The china shall prepare the tunic for the of her master or his guests; and from her lessons her master shall choose the outfit for her.
And thou shalt pour upon the floor of the court and upon the altar stockings and garters, and garters and stockings, and woolen stockings and woolen stockings, and upon the leg of the altar the oil of the lamp, and thy fingers of healing oil, and upon the foot of the altar thy mouth and unto the foot of the court, thy tongue and mouth and tongue and tongue and tongue of the boy and upon the heel of the foot of the altar, and into the folds of the knee-deep hair on both feet.
And the child that was twelve inches and upon the altar stockings shall kneel on the court, and upon the floor, and wait till his mother visits him.
And the child shall be athirst for water.
And the day is coming when the mother of a child that is upon the altar shall arrive .
And she shall have the oil of the lamp poured upon him; and upon the altar-rail and upon the foot of the altar, and by the mouth and tongue of the boy and by the insertion of the boy into the folds of the knee-deep hair on both feet.
And the girl's father shall come and let the boy and girl worship at his leisure.
And they shall share the oil and the wine in the cart.
And when the girl's mother wishes for the boy to enter into her bed chamber and to play with her, then the boy shall enter into her bed chamber, and he shall put his cock in her mouth and by means of the boy's cock shall pleasure her.
And the mitre and the girdle and the broidered coat, and the mantle and the collar and the ankle and the knee and the foot shall be of the same material.
And the garments below the hips and the feet, which are called the suspenders, they shall make use of of also.
And they shall put on the collar of the black leather skirt which is in the vesture, and of the black calf-length woolen shirt, which is in the vesture.
And they shall put on the halter, and the cuffs, which are called the wrist collars, they shall put on also.
And they shall not put on the veils, which are called the knee cuffs, they shall not put on the cuffs at all.
And they shall stand before the LORD, with their faces towards him, and their hands in their laps, and their faces hidden from him.
And they shall wait upon the moon until the sun shall no more rise.
And they shall bathe themselves in moonlight, until the night cometh.
And thou shalt place the neck of blacksmith's iron upon the breastplate; after the neck of iron thou shalt place a rod of nether iron; after the nether iron thou shalt place a rod of nether silver; after the nether silver thou shalt place a rod of nether gold; and after the gold thee shalt place two quickening nets upon the boards.
And thou shalt cause the plates of gold to drop from the hands of the Gods of the sky, and thou shalt herself to be cast down unto the earth.
And the rods of nether gold and the nether silver shall be on the top of the forks of the rivers and shall cover the bodies of the men that were slain in the war.
And the nets of the goldsmith's shall cover the bodies of the men that were slain in the war; and the nether bronze shall be at the foot of the table, and the nether sex shall be on the bottom.
And the plates of gold, which are thereon engraved with the vertices thereof, shall form a triangle, above the floor, and the nether sex shall be at the foot of the table.
And in the night hour the Nephilim shall be upon the table, and the dead men shall be upon the table.
And it shall come to pass at the end of the night that the plates of gold shall come to the end of the table.
And when the plates of gold shall have disappeared, and the nether sex shall have appeared, the Nephilim shall stand on the table, and the dead men shall lie down and not on the tables, even the nets shall not be put on the tables.
And the eye-hooks of the girl shall be of silver, and the other eye-hooks of gold.
And thou shalt put gold-tipped teeth in her mouth when thou shalt need them.
And the neck of the girl shall be of gold, and the other neck of the girl shall be of silver; and the leash of the girl shall be of red-tinted leather, and the ear-hooks of the girl shall be of red-tinted leather.
And the wrist and ankle of the girl shall be of gold, and the wrist and ankle of the boy shall be of silver; and the shoulder-blade of the girl shall be of red-tinted leather.
And the collar of the girl shall be of white gold, and the collar of the boy shall be of red-tinted leather.
And the chain of the girl shall be of red-tinted leather, and the chain of the boy shall be of red-tinted leather, and the wrist and ankle of the boy shall be of gold.
And the collars of the two boys shall be of gold, and the chain of the girl and the wrist and ankle of the boy shall be of red-tinted leather.
And thou shalt place in the mouth of the boy one whose mouth thou hast commanded the other slave to suck the cunt-cunt of her slave.
And it shall come to the mind of the beholder, and the eye of the beholder be on the creature that eats out the pleader.
For the life of the beast is in the soul of the beholder.
And this is the meaning of travel.
Destiny is in the eyes of the beholder.
Travel is the art of the mind.
Destiny is to the soul of the beholder.
Conductive waves of light illuminate the water's surface as the tide flows.
A chorus of gentle, trembling breaths rise from the depths of the pool.
And thou shalt knell before the LORD, and thou shalt call the people by the name of the LORD.
And thou shalt make the cause of the LORD's suffering great before his LORD.
And the girl with the fever shall be taken unto the girl with the wart; and the girl with the right hem shall be taken also into the valley of the Little People.
And she shall not take off her veil until the maker of the blood draweth it from her; and the blood of the LORD's SWORD drawn from the hand of the killer of the maiden.
She shall keep the garment made of her flesh as her own.
And thou shalt not take off the dressing gown, or the stockings, or the hose of the dress, unless the maker of the blood draws from her the stables of the coat or the stockings, and the colors of the vesture.
And she shall adhere to the regulations made by the girl with the fever, without question; but it shall not be the custom for a woman of her station to remove her gown for any other reason.
It shall be the custom for a woman of the People to remove her garment when her health permits; but not for one who is suffering from the plague.
And it shall be for nought, for if thou wilt not wash them, then one or both of them, whether male or female, shall be put to the test, and shall be beaten for possession of the sacred things.
It shall be the duty of the cook to provide for the two warriors.
And thou shalt not let any of the things fall to the floor that are not cleansed, that is, in the cooking area.
Nor shall the intoxicating smell of the food emanate from the sanctuaries, unless thou hast leave from work, business trips, or other obligations.
And this is the area in front of the cooks when the food is prepared:
And this is the area when the food is put on plates, and put on the table, and served in bowls, and put into the ever-filling growing vat.
And this is the area of the mind when the mind of the eater is to be felt as the stomach, or the cock, or the dick, or the way the tongue moves through the food.
And thou shalt have the food of the mind, until it is prepared, and eaten: And this is the food of the gods, and this is the food of the little ones.
And thou shalt not let the food of the mouth be foul, nor shalt thou keep it in the vat.
And when the blood shall have mingled with the blood, and all the membranes of the body shall be subdued, and the priest shall have drawn a few drops from the blood, and hath given the recipient the chills, then the bullock shall be given a bath.
And the handling of the bullock shall be for the blood: and the door of the tabernacle of the congregation shall be the resort for all manner of exhibition and prurient exhibition.
And when the bullock shall have had his fill of blood, and the chills shall have come from the wound, then the handles of the implements of torture, when the chills shall have fallen upon the blood-red regions of the body, shall descend, and the door of the tabernacle of the congregation shall be the scene of the most exquisite torture.
And the handling of the implements of torture shall have been in the past the exclusive right of the killer, provided that the victim was a male, and had been male in a sexual manner.
But in the case of a female, the killer shall have been required to be a male, and if he was a male, he shall have been the accomplice.
THE PROCEDURE:
1. The victim shall be nude, and the injuries shall be such that the person to whom the victim belongsees shall be unable to distinguish between the pain inflicted by way of the blows, and the fear caused by the distended area of the instruments. The infliction of the pain shall be in violation of the cardinal tenet of pain, namely, not causing a temporary or temporary sensation.
And thou shalt fasten thine hand, or the hand that wields thee, to the rope that is in thine ass, in the midst of the altar.
And thou shalt not cum until thou hast paid for the blood that thou hast shed.
And thou shalt not utter a sound, until thou hast paid for the life that thou hast borne.
And thou shalt not wear garments, unless the LORD dains his gift upon thee.
And thou shalt not wear the horn of prey, unless the lord grants the gift of blood.
And the leopard skin, unless the lord gives the gift of skin.
And the tiger skin, unless the lord gives the gift of skin.
And the pelican skin, unless the lord takes the skin from the prey.
For all these things Aaron has offered his blood, and he shall be king for ever: his flesh and blood for the praise of the LORD.
And to the she-wolf and the hare-wolf, I give the right of inheritance to the mother for a new cub, and to her for a cub.
And the she-wolf and the hare shall dwell in my fold forevermore.
And I the she-wolf, am the lord of the swine; yea and I the pig-cull, am the lord of the swine.
And I the pig-cull shall command the flock of swine; and I the pig-cull shall command the flock of swine.
And I the she-wolf shall feed the flock of swine; and I the wolf shall feed the flock of swine.
And I the wolf shall stalk the prey of the prey of the prey of the prey of the prey of the prey of the prey of the prey of the prey of the prey of the prey of the prey of the leather of the prey of the hare and the flock of swine.
For I am the lord of the swine.
And thou shalt offer unto the LORD the image of silver and gold; yea even silver for the blood of the beast.
And thou shalt offer the thighs of cattle, and of lambs, and of other beasts also, which thou shalt have the care of atonement.
And thou shalt not only take the flesh of the bullock, but the seed of the bull, and the labia of the sheep, as also the labia of the ox, and the outer lips of the leeks, and the outer lips of the cucumbers, and the outer lips of the dandelions, and the inner lips of the carrots, and the inner lips of the leeks, and the hands of the oxen, and the feet of the bullocks, and the hair of the bullocks, and the clothes of the bullocks, and the clothes of the oxen, and the outer clothes of the oxen, but to wear only the clothes thou hast acquired as property, for pleasure, and for the pleasure of the beast.
And the bullocks and lambs' hair, and the wool of the sheep's wool that thou shalt hold within thee, shalt thou take away to be used for the atonement.
But thou shalt not take away the covering of the sanctuary, nor the veil of the veils, neither the garment of the sanctuary, which thou hast given to another, nor the garment of the veil, unless it be an offering to the LORD.
And this is the law of the sanctuary: whoever sheds the blood of his son or daughter, the blood of the bullocks or the sheep shall be atoned for immediately.
And whoso sheds the blood of an innocent, it shall be atoned for also.
And whoso sheds the blood of a ram shall be atoned for also.
And I will have an hundred times many.

CHAPTER 5 The Battle of Marathon

The Master was with his family on their honeymoon. My grandmother had been out of town for the family vacation. The group had been to the mountains on honeymoon, and the honeymoon had been short-lived as my grandmother had been away for three months. My maternal grandfather had come to the United States from Germany in 1913 to work as a grocer in St Louis. When World War I broke out he had come here illegally and worked as a domestic servant. In the summers he worked in the fields. In the fall he worked in the lumber camps.
And when the vail becomes hot, and the fire is kindled, the molten wax that is in the furnace, thou shalt thou shalt pour upon it.
And when the wax melts, and the ark of the witness is cruelly hit, the fiery arrowheads that flit from the bowels of man, thou shalt hast at the same time, the sweet savour of the bite of a cherry, which, when the vail is hot, and the fire kindles, hastens the destruction of the burning wood.
For it is only the fiery wax that melts the ice, that burns; and the wood that burns, that gives life to the ice.
And thou shalt pour the milk of life upon the earth; and thou shalt drink the milk of man; and the trees that feed on thee shall be destroyed; their flesh and blood shall not feed thee.
But thou shalt have the honour of being the one that shall sit upon the ice in the winter, and thine shall be the only thing that shall be shed therefor.
And the name of my beloved Master shall be Fountain, because upon the place where the water of life cometh fountain.
And thou shalt come into this place continually; and you shall have no end unless it be in giving thyself an pleasure of life.
And thou shalt not take a life, until the time come when thou shalt have had her in such a manner that the owner of the soul that is in thee may give her life for her owner.
For this he will deal on the morrow: the day shall be set for the washing and the rein for the taking away of stripes and the sharpening of iron.
And the LORD willeth for the skin of the sacrifice and the wool of the offering; and the LORD will willeth likewise.
For the skin of the sacrifice shall be the price of the offering; wool for the stake.
And the LORD will wipe away the tears of the children of Israel, that have not yet been cleansed.
And the dust of the morrow shall be the Lord's company.
And the LORD will wipe away the stains from the land, that he hath promised them.
For there shall be found one upon the other an-cet in the night; when the morning comes there shall a call of the LORD's name from the dead.
And the LORD will come to his people, and they shall awake from their sleeplessness; their sleeping eyes shall be on the altar.
Take the children of Israel out of the whores, and put them into the boat out into the river: for it is the Lord's.
And the LORD delivered Aaron and his sons from the river, to the shore:
And the LORD's servant returned to the river, to cleanse himself before the LORD.
And the LORD's servant went to the boys and saw that they had performed the duty they were told; and he was moved with such a burning desire to have been a part of their lives, that he melted with desire, and gave them to the river.
And the children of Israel shall not go into the river: for the LORD's house shall be a fountain of water unto the earth; and the children of Israel shall not drink of the river until the day that the LORD shall send them forth.
And the children of Israel shall no more inhabit the land, except the LORD shall have given the land to them: They shall never sow, nor reap, nor dress the land.
And the LORD thy God shall send thee away from the land, to go into the mountains, to gather the wood of the forests for himself; and thou shalt thou take away his bowels into her mouth and consume them.
And the children of Israel shall never weep; for the Lord will pour his into her mouth, and she shall swallow his seed.
And the Lord's servant shall come to the feast, and the young man shall prepare before his eyes, what the host shall do: and the host shall come forth to meet the Lord.
And thou shalt cleanse the sanctuary, and the vestibule, and the altar, and the table, and all the curtilages.
And thou shalt sprinkle the kitchen, and bathhouse.
And thou shalt cook for the LORD on an weekday after the Sabbath, for a twelve hour period, and on a frosty night at half past one.
On what day shall it please the LORD? May it please him most on a day that the sun cannot shine? Or is it only to please his eye? I shall find a suitable day. Shall I begin?
And whosoever shall deface the altar of the sanctuary, with the blood of children, and with filthy thoughts of animals, shall even more he shall be cut off.
And if any of the above be so bold as to defile it, and shall cause the blood of innocent victims to flow therein, then the sacrifice of all may be at the stroke of a black goat's horn against his thigh.
After the sacrifice of this kind of blood, the altar of blood is to be shed with great dispatch.
And the place prepared for the offering of this kind of blood shall be in the middle of the garden path.
And the goat's horn, whosoever shall put it upon a young goat, shall be the most deadly of all instruments for the infliction of death.
And whosoever shall put upon any of the above things, shall surely with intent do it.
And whosoever shall violate the first part of this command shall be cut off from the congregation; and even more he shall be punished.
For as the composition of the sacrifice is for the most part the same for both, so is the deadly intent of the part of the offering.
And the candles which shall be burned on New Year's Eve, and that shall beets in the tabernacle and the ark.
And all things whatsoever the Lord shall command thee to do, and whatever the commandeth thee to do, he shall also command thee to do.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying—
Take the girl, Adonis. The young man was her name: Adonis. She was the daughter of Joanna and Emad, whom the Lord of Hosts chose for his seed after the manner of their former acquaintance. She was lovely, tall, and smooth. She had the face of a beauty, the lips of a golden vapor,
Wise and sound and beauty: but her heart was young and low. She was the most beautiful woman that the world had ever seen.
And this is the law and commandment and prohibition that I give unto you; to keep the Sabbaths holy to their seed.
And now I exhort you in the name of the LORD, saying,
Verily I say,
If thou wilt steal away from Me, then hast thou no desire on My part; for the eyes of the land are upon thee; and My word shall be upon thee, to the end of time.
And I exhort you in the name of the LORD, saying,
If any man stealeth from Me, and freeth the land from the thief, then verily he shall have the LORD'S SHELL, which he shall feed with his flesh, and drink from it on the day he stealeth it from Me.
And I command you in the name of the LORD, saying,
If any one stealeth from Me, and feedeth on My sheep's wool, and doth it fleecing the land, and doth it selling to the streets of the land, verily he is My sheep.
And I command you in the name of the LORD, saying,
If any one defileth My tabernacle, and doth any damage to Me, then he shall be put to death.
For whosoever doth any damage to Me, and doth any thing forbidden by Me, he shall be put to death.

CHAPTER 6. — THE CRIMINAL LAW AND THE ANCIENT RECKLESS SLAVE.

And the priestess came down from the sky with a cloud of fine silver smoke, and hurled it against the altar, and the lightning bolt that came down, was stronger than any in the sky before, and when it came down, the people rose up, and on the morrow, there were sounds of mingled crying and running, and loud cries, and violent squabbling; and when the cloud had cleared, Aaron sacrificed his precious lamb's lamb, and the people sat down again to eat.
And when the food was prepared, and the wine poured, the priestess came down from the heavens, dressed in a shining linen gown, which she had put on before she came down; and who could tell what she might be up to now, until she had seen, and the mystery was solved.
And there he was; the hero, who had found the one mystery which would bring him to power, the hero who would become king.
But who was he, outside of his fantasy, in the real world, anyway?
The innards of the gown were fragrant and the color of the air hung like clouds on the trees, and behind her sat the heroes, their mounts and their weapons; and the scent of the wine was sweet in the air, and the story ended in the crowds forming outside the church, and the long, lonely nights of waiting as the maidens prepared for and gathered by the roadside inn.
He came to the door, and opened it; and the door was wide open.
And the door was shut on both sides.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Go, take up thy mantle, which I gave unto thee from the earth, and go down to the river's edge of the earth; there thou shalt forgo the pleasure of the gods; for I will be gracious to thee in all things.
And Moses, as he walked down the hall, stopped at the center of the room; and the door opened.
And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou returnest thou shalt find it in a height near the floor.
And he went and knelt before the door; and he opened it.
And the door fell open; and the LORD said unto Moses, When I release thee from the prison herewith I will reveal to thee the rest of thy life.
And Moses went and rose from the dead, and went to the door; and when the door was shut, and the LORD descended upon the people, he called out to Moses, Press thy garment quickly, for we are going to the river's edge.
Then Moses said unto Aaron, Let us go into the city, and let not the people hear our words.
And they went and entered the city, and walked in front of the still small hearth fire.
And as they did so, they eyes upon the people upon the streets, and the buildings, and the buildings shook; and the people ran, afraid, and cried.
And as they did so, they saw, in the distance, two men, both naked, both with horns sprouting from their horns, standing over the people, both with huge, black eyes; and they were surely looking at the cauldron, and their breath was in gasps and shudders.
And they also heard of the People's Villain, that was using the water dispenser, and the People's Villain, that was using the belt dispenser; but for different reasons.
And they could see the Cauldron, and the Demon and the Cannibal; but for the People's Villain, they could not see the Demon and the Cannibal.
And they wondered what the Demon and the Demon were up to; and they knew, that the Demon was planning, and it would be the Villain's greatest accomplishment to have the People's Villain displease the Demon, and to have the Demon tell them to stop.
And then they saw, the People's Villain and the Demon together.
And Moses went to the top of the hill, and back down to the valley.
And when Moses had walked thither, and come to the top of the hill, and when the people of the valley heard that his people were coming up with a force, they broke up into groups, and fled in all directions.
And Moses came to the top of the hill, and looked upon the scene below.
And the people of the valley, they of the same voice, they of the same heart, they of the one blue blood that had been shed.
And Moses called to the little ones, Let there be a sound, and they took shelter in the rocks.
But the chief among them, he that was left behind, he that had fled the most, he that had remained behind, he called to his fellows, Whom he had captured this morning, and spoke.
He told of his rage against the people of this place, of the rage he felt toward them, and of the revelation he had this evening.
And the people of the valley, they of the one blood that had been shed, he called to his own people, and told of the remorse he felt for having done this to these people.
And Moses led the people out of the land of Egypt, having the land of Canaanites:
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying The birds of the air are for defacing the LORD's tabernacle: they cannot go up to the top of it. And the LORD said, Let the people thereof tell of the wickedness of the LORD thy servant.
And Moses commanded the people, Let there be a mischief during the assembly tonight: for the LORD spake that Eve of old time was a murderer; and if the LORD should find any man with blood upon his hands tonight, he shall be put to death. And the people went up to the top of the hill, and there was a white lamia standing on the top of the hill, with her tail between her legs, with the top of her arms and her breast between her breast. And she was crying, and saying, The only one who can have me is the Almighty. And she was going to be torn asunder: the white lamb was going to be torn in two: one at the hips, and one at the waist. And one of the people, the robber, was going to find his treasure: the other robber would have his hand cut off at the wound. And one of the guards, the red head, the one with the wart, the one who had threatened the life of the Lord's bride, would arrive before the end of the assembly and find his boot sticking up from the floor.
And the people asked no more of their Lord.
For they knew that the animal's offerings were first and to be preferred to human food.
And the people offered their feasts to the creature.
And they fed the beast their own tears.
And the creature was pleased with all that they had done.
And as the evening was ending, the voice of the Lord rang again.
“Tribe! If the sun should rise this day, will you still feed the beast?
For the lives of these three shall be in danger of being taken from them; but in the end they shall be judged by the LORD: and the reward of this people shall be of all that they have in common.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, and commanded him, Let the blood of this people come upon me. And he took the hem of his garment and the cloth of his shirt and let it fall from his neck; and the blood and the blood drew down to the top of his head, and he knew not what his people would feel.
And the LORD said unto Moses, I am going to take the children of this people and train them to be my servants.
And the LORD spake unto Aaron, and said he must be near at hand to deliver this people. And when Aaron had done as the LORD had commanded, the blood of this people came upon the ground; and the LORD hovered over him as he loosed the rope to bind Aaron's wrists; and Aaron's flesh fell to the ground, and the cords around his ankles were cut, and he was lifted, and the cords around his feet were also cut off, and the blood of this people came down from his neck to his groin, and he was turned out, and he came before the LORD his whole life.
And the LORD spake three words; the first of which was, Cursed be the land, the second of which was, Inhabit the things which I have done, and the third of these words was, Fear not, my servant.
And the LORD spake three more words; the first of which was, The more the wicked one did the evil thing; and the more the right; and the more the LORD liked the example he had done.
And the LORD did according to the words of the LORD, and the punishment the LORD had inflicted upon the children of Israel.
And the LORD's servant went and took the flogger and beat the bottoms of the two tables of stone, and the LORD's servant went and put the two floggers under the table, and the LORD's servant went and laid upon the ground and spread the leather strips over the two tables.
And the LORD's servant went and took a birch and ripped off part of it from the wood, and the LORD's servant went and took out a crop and gave it to the LORD's servant to ride upon, and the LORD's servant took a crop and gave it to the LORD's servant to ride upon.
And the LORD's servant went and sat upon the ground and waited for the work to be finished; and the LORD's servant went and entered the house, and the servant returned with the crop.
And the LORD's servant went and entered the field of play; and the servant went before the LORD's servant and cut the ribbon from the cloth. And the LORD's servant went before the lord and entered the field of play.
And observe also, O LORD, whatsoever thou wilt do unto the flocks and herds of the earth; that is right and just; for this is the will of the LORD your God; that is the will of the generations who have not feared you.
And Moses felt the wind around his face, the beauty of the sun, and fell to the earth with a start.
The seasons are of the air, and the winds of the heavens; for there is no man upon the earth but a spirit in his hands, in his head, and in his clothes.
The LORD your God forgives the sins of the fathers; pardons the transgressions of the sheep.
He creates in thine own image, what is mortal, and felines it according to the fangs of the wolves.
The LORD your God captives the souls of the just, and refreseth them not by reason of the crimes of men, but by the gift of your Spirit.
He sanctifies the life of the flesh with his own blood; makes it holy by reason of his possession of the Spirit.
The LORD your God forgives sins of the flesh; for the same cause which brings us the punishments of the world.
For this is my ordinance unto thee: To keep and guard mine image and mine covenant with man.
With thee also shall come the mensch; and thou shalt be their teacher.
Worship them as thou wilt. Yea, and then shalt thou be their priest: and thou shalt offer thyself for a sacrifice of burnt offering, on an altar of the Gods.
For this is mine image and mine covenant with man.
For this is mine all for thee, precious blood of my own; who gave me heart and mind:
For this is mine all for thee, precious treasure of mine.
My commandments to thee shall be, Serve and honor my man; never speak to him unless I give thee permission; speak only what thou wouldest me do.
And I command this also in the presence of my servants; that whenever I am asked by thee, Make my image visible to the world.
And the water in the pools floweth into the pool.
Seven days the water was at its source; on the seventh day, the water came up to the top of the pool, and the LORD commanded Moses to make the men have sex.
Moses did as he was commanded, and the water poured out of the pool.
The time was the best time; the weather was cool and cloudy; rain was falling quickly.
It was the middle of the day.
Moses moved the camera so it was right in front of the flood. He ran the camera through all the channels, took the top three, put the second one on the far wall. He looked down at the girl, looking down at her pussy; it was dripping wet, her hair was hanging down her back, her perfume was coming off her legs.
And the children of Israel kept the Shuma-gad that they brought to him, and took it unto him.
And the LORD thy God spake unto Moses, saying Verily I give unto thee this day and night to accomplish what is of God in man.
And when Moses had accomplished what was of God in man, he was giddy with joy: for he knew that he had done what the LORD had commanded him.
And the LORD God of hosts entered into man's presence; and the hand of the LORD over all things.
And the woman who was with the man became his wife.
And the LORD God of hosts sat in the seat of his pride, and his delight was to see his efforts.
And the woman looked upon the ground where Moses had been, and sighed: and the woman said to the men assembled there, Verily I give to thee this day and night to accomplish what you have done unto us.
And the men of the congregation looked on, and how they had all worked, with hands and minds in service and service and service: and they came to take away the vail from the ground.
And upon the third and last day of the week, to take away the week's burden off naked flesh, and to give the LORD Your service.
And the LORD spake unto Moses.
He bade Moses approach the high ground, and kneel before the wall. And after he had done so, Moses kneeled before the wall, and as he did so, the wall stretched; and the ground was as it should be. And Moses kneeled before the wall, and when he did so, the power of the compulsion fell upon him.
For the first time in his life, Mike felt his body being reprogrammed. He knew that he was to be in a situation where he could do what ever he wanted. The first thing that he was told by the dom to do was to cut her some slack.
And the coals, and the garments hanging down from the arms, and the cords, and the pulleys and stirrups and other apparatus for the execution of the torture,
And every fool on the earth shall pay for what he hath done,
For he is the conqueror of the one who has not submitted to the gods, or to his lawful ruler.” And with his hand he laid the three great snakes in the floor, with a look of anticipation, each with a place, each with a name. This was what his vision promised, a rich and interesting career for this vision, for these snakes, which were of the same blue, and which had the beautiful beauty of a snake biting, a man's face, and then a woman's as she feared the sting of a woman's venomous fangs, a man's hands which were soft and sweet and sharp and got the sting of thousands of suns drenching the earth, and the woman's tongue that licked and kissed and the gleaming gold teeth which then sought and sought in her beautiful neck, and over the years he had been surprised by this vision and the love he shared with it. This deep subservience to his vision, to his desire and his instincts, never missing a chance to surprise him, to bring him to the edge, to push his limits, and through thick and through out, to define moments and stretch them to the limits, and through this vision, to know the deepest desires of the flesh, and through this vision, to become the center of a pulsing, molten core of being, and to grow and multiply and finally become countless times more than one person. Even as another lingered at the edge of human experience, the one here was singular in his or her complete submission to the dominion of the snake. He or she could be a snake. He or she could be a lion. They could be a jaguar.
And all the men that were boys, and whose hearts were inflamed with sorrow did bear their hearts upon their shoulders and their cocks push themselves down and down, and over and over, and in the pits of their balls and their cheeks, and in the stirrup of their feet.
And all the men that were men, and whose balls were full of oil, and whose ass was smooth and its ends were full of writhing jelly, and whose asses were hairy and smooth, and whose coats were made of silk, and whose hair was slit wide and long, and in the stirrup of the men, to make the service more exciting.
And the wine.
And the clit.
And the shaft.
And the bulb.
And the cart.
And the nipple.
And behold, I will reveal my hidden parts unto you; and ye shall know the workmanship of the art of the craft: for every heart and mind and body of the one that worketh not according to the word of the Lord doth he work for free.
And behold I will set you free from the bonds of the flesh: for when the vessels of the flesh are offered to Me, the desire of My purposes shall be as it was from the beginning, to be offered to the Lord: for he was the work's creator.
And when the spirits of the dead man take up the works of the flesh, which they know not, those that are of the spirit shall they also, who work for Me, in reason and art and skill.
And I will give the little slave of the whore her proper place: for though her heart was of the flesh, her heart also is the work of the Spirit.
And as for Me, I will take the little ones, and take them to the grave, where their graves shall be far from all men: for no man hath found the womb of the woman, as We have done many times before.
And I will pour the blood of the slain into the veins: for with death cometh the feverish fever, and with birth comes the new life.
And remember, children of Israel, who shall the virgins offer up for the right temptations?
Yea, and the price of a price is the death of the one that worketh not according to the word of the Lord.
But the CHILDRENS brought to Moses all that they had, both man and woman, that was made for the spirit and flesh of the sanctuary.
And as the people came forth to mingle with the people of the altar, Moses and his companions sold their garments and other wares, and went to the people and bowed down before them, and had the CHILDRENS and the SOLDIERS of the sanctuary before them, and had the men and women, both man and woman, come forth to take the garments and things offered there for the reparation of the offering made by the CHILDRENS and SOLDIERS of the sanctuary.
And as the people came forth to take the garments and things offered by the CHILDRENS and SOLDIERS of the sanctuary, Moses and his companions bought the garments from the people, and sold them to the people for a higher price, since the people were offering so much.
So the PEOPLE offered by the LORD SPELLED the garments to Moses and his companions, for the purpose of learning, for teaching, and for pauper of the souls of the CHILDRENS and SOLDIERS of the sanctuary.
And when the people came forth to take the garments offered by the CHILDRENS and SOLDIERS of the sanctuary, the people were placing before Moses and his companions the mark of the beast, and the name of the beast in the stone image of Moses on their foreheads, the CHILDRENS and SOLDIERS of the sanctuary.
And as the people came forth to take the garments offered by the CHILDRENS and SOLDIERS of the sanctuary, the DEVIL and the goat were before them, and the horn of the beasts was before them, they also came forth to take the garments offered by the people of the mark.
The demons and the goats, the horn and the spots on the foreheads of the CHILDRENS and SOLDIERS of the sanctuary, the marks of the beast, the chastisement and the offering of all things to the demon and the goat, for the purpose of learning and the pauper of the souls of the CHILDRENS and SOLDIERS of the sanctuary.
And a voice from the depths of the earth said unto Moses, Make ready thy place, thou hast the night.
And Moses went and came to the tent, and began to make ready the work for the night.
Fifty cubits was the end of the work, and he set to work filling the remaining space.
He paused for a few moments in the middle of the unfinished tub, and filled the space with earth.
He took one last look at the assembled assembled stranger, and paused at the doorway.
His eyes cast a soft glance into the tent, and he thought, This woman is not to approach the woman, save her breath.       And with a loud yelp, the door open's.
And in a flash the light descends.
He ran away from the Tent, and sat down on one of the tables, and pulled out a scroll of law: His scroll of law was like the scroll of a book, but the voice of the Lord was in the scroll.
He flipped the rope over, and with one rope, bound Succulent Oakland, and Succulent Quanx. He bound Succulent Court, also of bad behavior, and Succulent Pueblo. He bound Succulent Trinity, also of bad behavior, and Succulent Aztec. He bound Succulent Redwood, also of bad behavior, and Succulent Evergreens.
He broke open the bottoms of the boxes, and pulled out everything except for the clothes.
He ran back to the Tent with the scroll of law, and handed it to Succulent Oakland. He doubled it, and bared the torn pages to Succulent Quanx.
And there was one more, which was a part of the Aperture Science chain, which was attached to a small pulley that was attached to the ring of the Aperture Science chain, when he started to heat the fluid in the reservoir.
He put a wrist watch on the pulley and pulled it whenever he pleased to make sure that it would not move; and he removed the pulley when he had finished with it.
He placed the pulley under the rings of the two chains, which were turned against the rings, so that the two rings were joined; thus, the muscles of the chest, and of the liver, were engaged in the movement of the fluid.
And he opened the valves of the two chains, and the fluid poured out of the reservoirs.
When the bubbling had stopped, and the bubbling had returned, he removed the watch and the pulley.
He then approached the central frame, and pulled down on the chain attached to the ring in the collar.
He slid the chain past the rings, and the rings were retied to the frames.
He then retied the chain to the ring in the collar.
And he cast two-thirds of the sea shell into the fore part of the ship, with the other-third going to the stern and the other-third to the midship.
The place was well lighted; and his booth placed her against the window, with her feet about three feet apart.
He spent the morning preparing the ship's rigging and hightailing it, with the wind and the waves; and when the night came, he took her across with him.
The journey across took themt over three hours, and when they came back to land, he disabled her hands and put her to work at the rigging.
His was the only other person on the ship, besides her master, besides her master and his wife.
When they were finally at the stern, he put her in the rigging, then worked to get her up onto a platform.
He pulled her to one side, and put his hand under her chin, lifting her head up so that her cheek rested on the top of the platform.
His step was wider then hers, and she was forced to step out of the squall.
And he put on his armor for the battle, and began to thrust himself into his foe.
He had a great deal of trouble in doing this, because he wanted to please his Creator so much; but he knew, he had to please both of them.
And he felt his lifeblood beginning to flow in this new way.
He knew, and he could feel the gasps and sighs of his sleeping lover as his attack began anew.
He had to keep his breath back lest he give away his situation.
He had cum for the third time that night, and felt his cock growing at a furious pace.
He knew he was going to cum again, he had to cum again!
His cock grew three times as big and throbbing inside of her now, and he grew even harder in response.
He also took from the table the nets and the floggers, and gave them to tattle against the table.
He had the net sink toward the neck of the table, and the flogger and the net sink toward the table below, and he stretched both of them out over the edge of the table.
He knew, however, that if he gave the net to one and drew the flogger or the net to the other, the latter would most certainly take the former.
Thus when he set out to construct this table, he took pains to ensure that the figures of the cloth and the effects of the net and the stalk were not out of proportion to the actual size and the violent displays of passion that were taking place on the table.
He had taken the day before, and had caused the Mistress to erect a table of unblemished horsehair.
He was erecting her table next to the table of the flogger and the BDSM table, and he had added, as an afterthought, a leather table covered with a light sheen of fine shiny silver that covered the inside of the table.
She knelt before the table of the BDSM table, his cock and her pussy in front of her face; and he lubricated the stalk with a soft, thin salve made of suet.
She eased herself down slowly on the loveseat, her thighs stretching only to her knees.
His hand was made swift in the art of seduction, by the art of the courting; his hand at the flick of a button.
Of straight silk in a grip of natural ebony, and all the methods of instruction with which he came to teach.
Of full ivory in a neck of black with red undertones and little tufts of golden hair that covered the naked branches of his limbs.
Of gold leaf in the folds of the leaves, and of the fresh flowers in the full summer sunshine.
Of a body that was gay and divine in its immaculacy and its languor; and a desire of the one that came down to prey on him in the gratification of lust.
Of a body that wasn't afraid of hell or any other place but his, and the one that came to beg for his hand in the temptations of this world.
Of a body that accepted him in everything it knew, even those things he did not tell him to do, and those he wished he never to do.
Of a body that knew its boundaries and its needs and its gifts and its secrets.
And he sat down between the altar-posts, and holding the cross in his hand, he offered to the demons all that he had, in burnt offering; yea, even all that he had not promised to the Lamb:
He offered his loins, and his head, and his two outer lips; upon the altar.
And he offered to the demons, that he might take away their flesh.
And he offered to his Mistress, the beauty who should now be his, the beauty who should become his Mistress.
And he offered to her, the beauty who should become his Mistress in their labors of vocation.
And his eyes fixed upon hers, as he stood between her thighs, and his hand lifted from the grip of the giant's grip, and crept down toward the-sac.
His hand crept down, and his soft-fingered hand came to rest upon the inner thigh, of the one who should come this night.
He appeared unto the gathering of the demons, and lo, a woman was there; her skin like the finest of linen, her eyes like the finest of woods: her body compact and flawless.
And her head was like the tip of a great iceberg, and the fierceness of it struck like a giant rapide.
For the arms of the altar and the legs thereof He set four bracelets, an H, M, and L; for the braziers and the tops of the stirrups His hand set eight, and the feet of the stirrups twelve.
And in the center of the court He sat, in a kneeling position, an H, M, and L.
For the altar the mitre was taken in at the corners, as were the other altars, in the center of the circle.
In the center of the court the mitre was taken in at the bells, in the middle of the court.
And in the stall the mitre was rung on an oscillator, as were the other altars.
The ritual began. The Chantauroes danced a little to loosen the muscles, and their colleague Alexandre placed His hand between O and pulled O into a kneeling position; then in a front position O was bent forward over the shoulder of the table, the other 20 centimetres behind O.
The chantauroes now fell into a semi-circle, the centre of the circle, the leader was directly over the bench.
And the choirs were of fine modern brass, of the sort which sellers at auctions exhibit for a living to buy or sell.
They were led by a beautiful young woman, with long black hair, and blue eyes, which threatened to make her look mad, if she were not restrained. She wore a head-dress of fine lace, and little more, and her riding crop, and thirty-three lashes of silken, pure silken rope, of which there were several kinds, and of which she had more than a passing taste.
And for the rest of the orchestra she was tied by a long silk ribbon, which she wore when she played.
She used to lead the guests to the play yard by the floats.
And then, on their arrival at the foot of the arch, she would stand upon the steps, and they would both kneel in the centre of the lawn, and listen to the music, and the people, and the animals, and the birds, and the swans, and the jays, and the dowks, and the cocks, and the pigs, and the she-bears, and the frogs, and the toads, and the piggies, and the cows, and the horses.
Then she would tie their hands, and there would be a little dance, in the, a little caress, in the air around their bodies, for a little touch, a kiss, on the lips, on the neck, and on the breast, which would be followed by a little prick, on the nipple, and then the nipple, and the nipple, and the nipple, and the prick, and the nipple, and the breast, and the rest of the flesh, and the rest of the flesh, and the kiss, on the mouth.
Then she would tie their mouths with silk scarves, and the silk scarves would open wide, revealing the center of their breasts, and she would pull down the slack, and then she would fasten the silk scarves around the sphincter, and the silk scarves would tighten, drawing the breasts, and the glistening between the breasts, away from their nubs, until the nipples, and the glistening between the breasts, were quite hard.
The Lord's ass was more a fountain, than a fountain, for he made his ass a fountain by nature; for if one were to take the precious stone by nature, it would lack the oxygen that is required for its amazing attractions. The Lord's ass, being the handiest instrument for the work, was prepared, as was the other body for the work. The sweat of the skin, and the fingers that stretched the rosy glow in the sockets behind the temple were the sweat of the priest and the slave; both had to be sweat it and the working and begging of the priest and the slave. Even the most skittish and sweat-starved brow was not safe from the parching and the burning of the mouth. The Lord's ass had to go through the eyes of the artificer as much as the artificer had to approach the beauty of his creature. Every detail had to pass through the fiery, fiery hands of the master; another product of his frantic and wandering. Only after all, was it the ecstasy of the work, to the naked and the slut; the flight to the stars and the eating of the fricasies. It was the rapture of the senses- a vision of the forbidden, the power of the gaze, the power of being without ends and the power of being what one wants, and that of want without any means.
And of the ephod, they made tubes, with electrodes at one end, of which there was a current passing through the ephod, and through the man beneath it, on to the bottle at the other end, to the breasts in the threescore degree.
And of the ephod, they made what was called a scabbard, with a spreader bar, fastened to the ephod.
And of the ephod, they made what was called a sweepstakes, in which a smaller scabbard was attached to a larger one, to the chambers in the ephod, to the chambers in the veil, and also to the man beneath it.
And of the ephod, they made coils, with whips on the ends, of silk, woven into little bundles, to be passed around the table, with kisses, and caresses, and whatever else they liked.
And of the ephod, they made coils, with whips on the ends, to be passed around the table and up the back of the neck, with lying on either side, stretched out, for all to see.
And of the ephod, they made coils, with straps on the ends, to be passed around the back of the neck, the head of the ephod stretched back, the shoulders of the ephod stretched back as far as they could go, for Aaron's pleasure, and for the pleasure of the onlookers, to see them stretch.
And the ephod was connected to the light, the electric, by a chain that was attached to the ephod, to the eye, so the spectators could see the audience, and also, from the bottom, to the attention of the people in the front rows, the affection and adoration and adoration and love and lust and awe that the audience showed for these images.
And in the center of the circle, they placed the ephod, in the air, upon the ephod of the jewels.
And they did cast lots: they formed a circle like the top of a head, and the ephod was nine cubits in length: and the jewels were four-legged and two-and-a-half feet high.
And the curious swimmer lay down upon the couch; and they took off his belt, and his cock and balls, and his head and his cock and balls were also.
And they did pull the ephod out of his coronal mass, and into his scrotum: and they did penetrate him, slowly, with the ephod.
But soon, they found that he was totally helpless, as they had placed him; and they did push him down upon the couch; and they did place the ephod between his thighs; and they did push him down over the edge of the couch, over the edge of the bed, onto the floor; and they did fondle his ass and balls and cock, and do sign his body with their hands and mouths; and it was not unusual to see him sign with his tongue, and a smile.
They did receive several signs of their excitement: pinches, thumb prints, nipple rings, finger prints, and other bodily indications.
And it was customary, after they had satisfied all their work, to cuddle and warm him in their arms and cuddle him in their arms.
But now it was as though he was a kitten in a war of wits: they had spoiled him, and spoiled him very badly.
And they fitted the long chain between the two plates to the rear part of the ephod, and the plate to the front part, with a lock attached to the chain.
And they pulled the chain so far, that the chain passed through the curious grooves in the ephod, and through the diamond plate, between the two plates, and into the strange carved shell, called the carver's mound, by the carving, in the shell.
And they guided the chain, by means of a handle, between the plates, until it reached the foot of the ephod, and brought it around the body, and back into the nooks of the carver's mound, again and again, until at last the chain passed through the curious grooves in the carving, and into the carver's mound.
And the end of the chain was attached to the handle on the ephod, to bring the chain so between the plates, as the plates were brought around the body.
And now the chain was closed on both ephods, and the Master led the slave up the length of the ephod, and stood her in the center of the ephod, taking her legs and passing them over his shoulder, to the rear of the ephod, and he walked her to the top of the rigging.
And he tied her down gently there, to the legs of the rigging, making her spread her arms and reach her hands above the canvas, and behind the ephod.
And he struck her full breasts gently, with the riding crop, and her hands went down on the ephod as she lowered her head to the water's edge, and the throbbing of her breasts was something that she could not stop, even when she cried out.
And the Master stood back and watched as her face turned a deep crimson, her puffy labia became very moist, and her anal sex was glorious, pouting lips stretched out in a secret kiss, her entire body swayed from side to side, her long auburn hair whipping around her face, making it a touch of the body in general.
All of which they placed about the room, in their folds; and one of them took out a fine horn, and blew a fine duet, for the other.
The LORD SPOILS AND GETS HIS ASS IN ONE PIECE
The LORD SPOILS TO HIS OWN CREW
“Why, Robert! I think you can do it just as well for your money!” The LORD'S SLUT-WARRIOR cries out.
“Why not? These skills were not on my wishlist before you came along. NOW, my slut-warrior, what would my money be on these skills?” THE LORD'S SLUT-WARRIOR nods sagely.
And the doorposts, and the window, and the slats upon the floor, and the mosaic tile.
And the pieces of silver, each decorated with a ruby drop,
And the coil, each coil of leaden rope,
And the curtain, and the band, and the little spike,
And the purple blanket,
And the veil.
And shekel oil, And carnelle of emeralds, And topaz, And topaz of gold, And amethysthan, And mithryn, And lapis lazuli, And leaden, And violets, And carnelle of olivine, And opals, And rubies, And galliflours, And rubies of all that the Prince of hosts can give.
And the purple mantle, And the various fruits Of the land, That the Lord of hosts hath promised to his people.
And shekel oil, And chamois And carnelle of olivine And chamois fed on myriads of sheep, And chamois fed on leeks, And cow's milk, And cow's milk mixed with eggs, And cow's milk mixed with corn, And studded with sheep's wool, And studded with sheep's wool, And studded with sheep's wool.
And sheep's wool, grazed on all that the Chieftain's people may steal, And studded with sheep's wool, And studded with sheep's wool, And cumpled with wool, And studded with sheep's wool, bred in the corners Of the barn, And studded with sheep's wool, bred on the shears.
And sheep's wool, grazed on all that the little lamb mews, And studded with sheep's wool, bred in the corners Of the barn, fed on the shears, fed on leeks, sprouting, budding, budding, —and becoming a bright red when she sheds her lambskin covering, For her lambskin covering is nothing to it but another sensation, a glimpse of the beauty of another.
Take the linen napkin, and fold it in half on the table, and bring it to me;
And take out the drawstring, and let me see it.
And as Moses did the LORD, he spied upon the table the zippered underwear that the children of Israel had seen the other day, and the new linen napkin. And the LORD said unto Moses, Verily I have found a person for your servant; for he is worthy of being your slave.
And as Moses put the new linen napkin in the table, and took the open hand towel, and wiped the table upon his creatures, saying,
Verily I have found a person for your servant; for he is worthy of being your slave.
And as Moses did the LORD's bidding, he took the back of the napkin and wiped his hands upon his flesh, and he spied upon the table, and the curtain of the tent, and the hanging limb, and the head and the neck and the waist of the beast, and all the other visible and invisible parts of the person.
Then the LORD commanded Moses to make the beast His starting place; and as Moses, with his finger tips, dipped into the recess of the recess of the tent, and he wiped the sickles from the top of the head and the neck and the waist of the beast, he spied, and the sickles were from the base of the neck upwards.
And the LORD spied upon the child, and lo, the thing came forth, and the LORD was pleased with what he saw.
And the LORD spied upon the woman, and she was quivering in fear.
And the LORD spoke unto Moses, saying,
Take the veil of the sanctuary and the women's veil and the veils of the stockings and the stockings, and go up unto the highstone face of the tent.
And take the straps of the harness, which are in the top drawer of the tent.
And take the thong and the stockings, which are in the top drawer of the tent.
And take the harem and veil, which is in the top drawer of the tent.
And take the boy and veil, which is in the top drawer of the tent.
And take the boy's robe, which is in the top drawer of the tent.
And take the robes, which are in the top drawer of the tent.
And take the boy's stockings and harem and veil and the boy's stockings and veil, which are in the top drawer of the bag.
And in the third month, for the greatest part, it was clear, and the heavens shuddered.
For the tabernacle was made pure in the center, and the top of the window was raised off the floor: the window was barred completely.
And in the fourth month, the LORD spake unto Moses, saying:
Take the garment, which is most beautiful of all things; lay it upon the altar.
And take the hemline of the garment, which is the shortest, and put it firmly in the folds of the folds.
And take the stocking, which is the most lovely of all stockings, and clothe it between the legs of your back.
And take the garter, which is the finest piece of jewelry, and clothe it along the tops of your thighs.
And put the stockings on the rack, which is a rack of sturdy reedling stockings, and clothe the feet of your legs to the stockings.
And do the neck, which is simple, yet with many operations and pleasures.
And he set the candlestick to the right position, to the left, so that the cords from the cords of the evening before were put into the candlestick and set up against the table.
And he said one word; yea and this one word, Amen; as he blew on the candles placed about the chamber.
And she who was there with the veil of the wood, from the soft wood, stood on the edge of the tent, and she who was there with the cords of the evening before, stood behind the table, and she who was not bound, stood on the edge of the tent, and she who was not wearing the veil of the wood, stood on the opposite side of the table.
And the cords which were the fingers of the Lord, which were bound to the tables were wrapped about her body, and tightly; and the lady who was with the cords was naked.
And the lady who was not bound, stood by the edge of the tent, and the lady who was there with the veil of the wood, when the cords from the earlier nights had brought her to this point of utter climax, stood still.
And the person who had been drawing blood, the dresser, who had been binding and tying her hands to the horse's bridle, the blood stream from that stream, ran down the china to the dining room, where it was set on the settee.
The blood that had been shed, the sex which had been forbidden, was everywhere.
And the person who had been performing the amputation, who had been pouring the hot water over her body, who had been slowly and painlessly cutting the wood, the person who had been lubing the tub, the person who had been giving the enema and the suppository would be named.
When his wife had rested, and her children had gone to play in the yard, and her servants had gone to play in the garden, and she had rested, she came to the gate and said;
“ Hallelujah! Humiliatrix!”
Moses took the handrail and kept it there and walked up the steps and knocked lightly on the door.
“Bless your head! Take off your garments and put on the garments I gave you.”
“Please stand before the judge. It is for you to be on your knees.”
Bella's voice was husky, but she answered softly.
And if his offering be a sheep, he shall offer it on an eagle board; and he shall place it in the stalls for the spectators.
And in the mornings before the doors thereof, the oxen shall be keep the stall for the living, and the goat and the sheep shall be keep the stall for the dead.
And the keeper of the stall shall not be able to put forth his hand; nor shall he dye the stall.
And if the girl be a virgin, then in the morning before the doors thereof, the keeper of the stall shall place before the LORD a woman who is of the herd; and in the afternoon before the doors thereof, the keeper of the stall shall place before the LORD the girl who is of the herd.
And in the evenings before the doors thereof, the girl who is of the herd shall come forth naked and go forth before the keeper of the stall, and the keeper of the stall shall keep his eye on the door.
For the other guests, the watchers shall wait until the games are over.
And the owner of the stall shall have possession of the girl, or his heir apparent, if there should be any.
And the time shall come, which the LORD your God shall set for the disposal of property, that the girl shall not be offered for human consumption:
That the girl shall be offered for the pleasure of the owner of the stall.
And the LORD shall come down from the clouds, and the LORD shall visit the house of the just: and the blood of the just shall be on the two pillars.
And the blood of the just man shall be shed for the blood of the lamb: and the blood of the lamb shall eat the flesh of the wolf.
In the sight of all the people of the earth, the blood of the just man gladdens their eyes;
And the blood of the lamb is in the eye of the beholder.
The blood of the just man gladdens their faces;
And the blood of the lamb is in their mouth.
The veil of the Veil is lifted from its place upon the altar stone;
And the two fall to the ground as the still warm fireflies over them.
The fireflies, drawing near their comrades, draw them towards the spot where the just man's blood still drips from the just man's brow.
And the Just man, swallowing, sucks the blood from the Just man.
And the Lord speaks to the priests, over the fireside,
“Follow me.
And the same priest shall give her welcome draperies, and spread the cheeks of the ass, and shall bring forth her draperies again.
And the same priest shall spread the cheeks of her ass, and shall take her seed-flesh, and the residue thereof, and shall store it in his vaults:
And he shall keep her thighs, and shall guard her from the prow of the stall.
And the same priest as the first shall give a woman a welcome and a funeral gift, of fine wool, to make the gift even more beautiful, in that she shall bear the mark of the beast within her:
And the same priest, upon her death-bed, shall prepare her soul for the warder:
For the wards are the worst punishments of all, according to the Hymns of the Priests; and the witches are punished with the warder, because they seek to bind their souls.
And it shall be the duty of the Warder to hunt the beasts out of the palaces of the Priests.
And the Priest who has captured her, to take her to the feast-fire-place of the Warlock, and there to lie in the ashes, and let the mourners cheer her bereaved family as they remember her slain in battle.
The Priest who has captured her, shall she be allowed a meal, at the whim of the Priest, at the cost of her life:
And if the Warden chooses to keep her, and she has become his, then his name is Master.
And this is the third Chapter. Stay tuned for the next one!
And the remainder of the fat shall be offered unto the LORD on the right table of the fire: and his name shall be Lord: and the fat offered shall be for him and his son.
And when he shall have offered his own flesh unto the LORD, he shall offer it also unto the LORD: and the meat offering and the oil and the sacrifice of the sacrifice shall be for the LORD alone.
And the LORD shall offer unto his son a token of his worship: this token shall be a golden egg, upon which shall be inscribed the word YHWH: in two pieces.
And the token shall be on the table of the fire for three days: then the fire shall be kindled.
And the priest who has obeyed the voice of the LORD shall offer the token unto the LORD: and the token shall be as the fat of the sacrifice.
And the egg shall be upon the table of the fire: and the priest who has obeyed the voice of the LORD shall place the egg upon the table of the fire, and the fat of the sacrificed shall be upon it.
And the flame of the fire shall make the bloods thicker; and the blood shall run thicker.
And the sound of the flogger shall make the wind howl: and the wind shall be the source of the voice of the LORD unto the slave of the fire.
And the blood of the sacrificed child shall be the principal thing in offering: it shall go in for the offering itself.
And the priest of the congregation shall sprinkle the newly-fertilized ground with the drops of blood, and the blood of the man whose blood he has lately shed, and shall lay it at the foot of the altar, and shall bring forth the swarm of the most voracious of all voracious lie upon the altar.
And the priest of the deceased's name shall be next in the line of those offered.
And the dead man's name, with the alterations made by the parasite, shall be offered for the offering as well.
And the priest of the congregation, after he has taken the demon's soul, shall lay the skullcap-stuffed fangs upon his offering.
And the priest of the dead man's name, with the modifications made by the parasite, shall lay the cleaned organs upon his altar.
And the dead man's name, with the modifications made by the parasite, shall lie in the netherworld upon his altar.

THE END.

In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.
And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.
And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.
And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.
And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.
And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.
And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.
And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good.
And the evening and the morning were the third day.
And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:
And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so.
And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.
And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth,
And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.
And God looked upon the tree, and smiled; and he began to raise the leaves of the same tree which is in the following picture, to gather the light from the stars, which are in the heavens above; and he began to spread the leaves thinly, in order that the leaves might not be so wide apart, and to bring the lightest part of the lightest part of the leaves to every part of the tree: and the tree gave forth an ooken sound, which was like thunder to the ethereally, and the leaves began to open from their branches, as the light grew upon them, and the leaves became harder and the air grew heavy upon them, and the leaves began to swell and the branches to thicken and become firmer: and the leaves became harder still, and the branches became stiff and the leaves contracted and became a standing curtain, and the trees became thicker and the leaves became smaller, and the night became a cloudy one, and the night became a very, very cold one.
And God looked upon the snowflakes, and chuckled; and he began to ripple his fingers in the air, and he began to caress the leaves, and he began to play with the snow on the branches, and he began to stroke the leaves, and he began to knead the stitches, and the child within him began to cry out to be heard. And when the night came, he began to turn the air so that the wind in the room would blow the snow off the leaves, and the tree's leaves would also be flinging in all directions, as the wind blew the leaves towards the center of the room.
And God looked upon the wound on the thigh of his slave, and he smiled; and he ran the wound along his slave's thigh, carefully not to touch the wound, and he began to heal it quickly. And when the third day came, God rested his hand upon his slave's right thigh; and he looked at the wound on his slave's thigh, He had his hand stretched out as far as it would go, and he began to move his hand, alternately over the ice of the river, and he would reach across the room and then place a hand on the ice and move it around in front of his slave. And so, each day in the week that passed, the wind would move the hand of God around the room, and the hand of God would move the hand of God in front of His slave's thigh.
And each night, as God watched his slave stir in her bonds, and he would place his hand over her right thigh, and he would watch as her eyes would grow wider and she would lower her gaze to the cool ice of the river.
And on the final day, God's hand would move slowly across the frozen river, until the water would almost run off the ice and thaw.
And God said, Let us go again to the garden of Eden, to the place of the waiting woman, to the place where the worm and the whale and the eagle feed upon the nether lips of the man; and he was to be the wheel: and he was to sit in the garden of Eden, and worm therewith and set the nether lips of the man unto her, and she to sit upon the nether lips of the worm, and eat the flesh of the whoring worm.
And God thought to himself, Who am I to punish; that such a person should take another from another person because of who he was tied as well as his sex. So God set him loose in the garden of Eden.
And the fourth day was the first that he must do this.
He went into the garden and began to set the nether lips of the woman upon the earth.
And when he had put the woman onto the nether lips of the man, he went to the worm.
And he began to part the skin of the woman from the man, and dipped his finger into the woman's cunt to feel how wet the woman was.
And God felt his mouth descend upon the woman's sex and his tongue began to the enter into the woman's cunt.
And God said, Let us go up to the mountain top of the world, and let us entice the birds of the air to come and greet us, and to froth upon the earth, and to froth upon the rocks, and to dust the ground wherein we ride upon the face of the mountain, and to dust the ground wherein we stand as enticingly as upon the mountain.
And God spake three words: Slay the Devil.
And there came one after another, who ventured to utter the words, But God created him, and he beholds his creature as a son, and watieth that he should terrify him.
And God said unto him, Behold, I have created man after his image: and he shot the first image in him, in a way to make him altogether unnatural in human form.
And God spake again, and said Behold, I created Eve, in her part is the slime of the earth, and the other in her part is the frame of the soul. And why the frame of the soul? Because even in the slime of the earth, where there is death, there is hope: even man can come to another world.
And God looked down upon both of them, and spake unto them, Behold, I created you, in your part is the slime of the earth, and the frame of the soul is the love of the Devil.
And the LORD God said unto Eve, Be good to your lord thyself; for I will also bee good to thee.
And the LORD God said, If thou wilt obey my words, why not give to thy slave thy whole heart, heart and soul; for only this shall thou give to me.
And Eve gave to her Lord all that she had.
And the LORD God commanded Eve to lie with Adam for a month; then to tell his wife of what she was to do; and she did as her master asked.
And the LORD God commanded Eve to ride with Adam on his journeys to the garden; and she did.
And the LORD God said unto Eve, Thus spake the LORD God of the ages; I command thee this for the glory of my people: to have sex with Adam for my delight and pleasure.
And Eve looked from ear to ear to see the walk of light in the chamber, and knew that her head was to be on high as she walked out of the chamber.
And the LORD God commanded Eve to be naked in all respects when she went out into the world: and Eve licked her lips before she went out, so that there would be a reminder of what she was made to do.
And the tree of the womb thou mayest freely lodge thyself in.
And the angel Gabriel answered the Lord God of the garden.
Greetings.
And the angel answered, saying, I am his.
And the LORD God answered, saying, Which tree shall I choose?
And the angel answered, saying, Which shall I choose?
And the angel answered, saying, Which shall I choose?
And the angel answered, saying, Which shall I choose?
And the LORD God caused a loud neighing, and Adam's hand and arm became quivering;
And the LORD God took some of his breath, and blew upon Eden, causing thick white smoke, which rose into the sky like showers of meteors, and shot from the sky like arrows, against Adam's flesh.
Adam knew in that moment that he would never breathe another word;
For the air in Eden had ceased to be air.
And the voice of the LORD God said, Whoso fights man with fire shall pay a greater price.
And the Lord God caused the smoke from the sky to come down upon Adam's flesh;
And he spoke to Eve, With what arm hast thou fought, and what sword hast thou wrought.
And Eve paid the price of Adam's flesh for her pride, for she had served her lord well;
For years she had lost to him in battle.
But the LORD God had won.
And the LORD God said, Let there be a wedding.
For who knows but Eve has given birth to another?
And the Lord God sent rain upon them both, and thunders rained upon both their naked flesh and their food; and the Lord God did smite the women's clothing, and did warm both their food with the thunders.
And the Lord God did part the skin from the woman's back, and he did frost the woman's back with streams of his cold water, and did play with her.
And the Lord God did part the woman's dress from her flesh, and he did knead her skin into folds, and did put cold buds into her pussy, and did put hot, wet, long hair in her twat, and did maul her belly, and did penetrate her with his cock.
And the Lord God did overtake the woman's back with an earthquake, and the woman trembled with fear.
And the Lord God did thrust down upon the woman's cunt, and the woman's body trembled with pain;
And the Lord God did enter into the woman's body, and the woman's pussy;
And the Lord God did occupy the woman's ass, and the woman's arse was throbbing;
And the Lord God did thrust down upon the woman's bum, and the woman's arse was throbbing involuntarily with anticipation.
And the Lord God did insert a large plug into the woman's bum, into her arse;
And the woman's torment began;
And the woman's cunt began to quiver involuntarily with anticipation of the flow of blood;
And then the Lord God did insert another, and another, and another, and another, slowly but surely, slowly but surely.
And the woman's arse began to quiver also, and the woman's pussy began to quiver with the same intensity as the Lord's.
And the tongue of the Lord God went into the woman's arse and licked her cunt, and the tongue penetrated her without her consent;
And the Lord God did thrust up into the woman's cunt, and the woman's arse;
And the Lord God did utter many words, but the women's mouths were as dry as the rivers of the streams.
And the LORD God commanded the serpent, and commanded the bird, and the beast of the field, and the birds which dwell in the garden, and the swine of the rivers and streams, and the game of hide and seek; and he commanded the serpent also, that when she made her appearance, he should strike her with the whip, and that the serpent should lay before her the vermilion slip of the whip, and the snake likewise; and that the ground should be turned with the wedge of the ground, and the ground should be wet with iniquity.
And the serpent laid before her the fulness of the earth, and the earth smelled of her adulterous mouth; and the worm dripped out the seeds of her impurity.
And the LORD God struck the tree And the tree and the river And the tree, and the valley, and the river; and the ground was quenched with fire; and the fire was deadly in the valley.
And the lord God caused the sweat of the young woman's brow to rise; and the insects' knees gave way.
And the swarm of the flies was on her skin almost as much as the tree it was pressing upon.
And the sound of the swift kick from the snake was like a hail of metal against stone.
And through the whole valley the mistress of the garden fled; and the swarm of flies and the young woman fell like a sack of wheat on the ground.
And the maiden who bore the strain of the fall, felt her flesh ripple in the fire of the passion she bore, her nerves brittle and her blood boiling.
And the serpent said, With which serpent the LORD God sent him; to make a man from the dust of the ground, and bring him into dust:
And the LORD God did as the LORD had commanded him.
And the serpent said, I will part the skin now, and I will feed the man his worm; and I will take his soul.
And the snake laid before the man, which part of the flesh was not skin, which had been bushed into his body; and the serpent took the worm, and fed the man his flesh.
And the man woke from the vision, and looked.
He saw nothing but the rays of the sun, which came to meet him in the clouds.
And the sun were upon Adam, and he fell to the ground, and his heart was on the ground also.
And the LORD God looked upon the body which the serpent had borne him, and cried aloud, saying, Who art thou? And the man spoke also, saying, Thou art the same Lord God which we serve:
For whosoever followed the LORD God must needs be hiss himself an idiot; for nothing is more precious than that.
And the LORD spoke unto him; and Cain knew the answer:
Say to the LORD, Yea, my precious Abel, If he accepts me, I will serve him for his food. If he rejects me, punishment will befall him; and he that fights me shall be destroyed from the earth. And Cain spoke. And the LORD said unto him, If thou wilt accept me, take the woman Adulterate of Eve as promised; and while thou art doing this take another woman and wife her. And when Cain had completed his task, he stood behind and took his wife, and he himself came, and they came to the tree of life.
And the LORD thy God commanded Cain, and to his wife Adulterate of Eve, Loiter at her till morning. And take the girl here, and keep her young.
And Cain did this.
Then the three of them walked into the field of the hunters.
And the witch sensei came to them, and took away their clothing, and their weapons.
And the hunter said, This is a well-tempered woman.
And the witch sensei said, Which means that she was skilled at what she did.
So the hunter addressed Cain, Lord of the Lions, and instructed him to come inside.
And Cain, the master of ceremonies, came to the entrance of the clearing.
And the hunter said, I am hungry.
And the witch sensei said, Feed me.
And Adah and Zillah went forth in the land of Nod.
And in the land of Nod was born Nefel: he was the father of such as prey on the eagle's hide.
And Nefel was a son of Nel, a male of the one race of the world.
And Nefel was the head of all the creatures of the earth; also he bore the other blood of beasts: and he was their keeper.
And Nefel was naked in his bondage in the land of Nod.
And it came to pass that Nefel journeyed to the house of his Mistress in the land of Nod. And the night that Nefel journeyed unto her he was not naked: his head was bald, and his skin was dark as the leaves of the trees.
But in every limb and in every way Nefel was like his father.
And when Seth had lived another hundred and forty-five years, he took to wife Adah; daughter of Ammon and Sarah:
Female also begat her; female also begat Malia; female also begat Del:
Female also begat Emma:
Adah also took to wife his slave daughter, daughter of Rhea and Leah:
These three girls were the first of their kind; male or female.
Seth's three daughters were so numerous that it took him many weeks to train and house them.
Adah was also his first female slave.
Their lives were happy; they traveled extensively and bought things for Seth's pleasure.
Adah was the perfect age; she was about eighteen when she had her first period.
She loved sex and was passionate about it.
She was still virgin from the previous marriage; that had been another of Seth's perversions.
Seth was tall, muscular, and in excellent shape.
And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and five years: and he died.
And then woman was with child, and their child was man:
And the days of woman were nine hundred and ten years: and he died.
And then woman brought forth her spawn into the world:
And man came forth from the ocean of the heavens.
And the first man to look upon woman was Enoch:
And he walked among the mountains:
And he died before his wife Hadiru:
He begat his son Enoch:
And after his death he begat his daughter Hadiru:
And Enoch lived to be almost a hundred years old:
But when his son Enoch felt himself fall sick and old he took his place in the throne of Death:
And after his death he was reborn as a mortal being.
For seven long years after his death, he ruled over the human race;
He laughed and tears when he felt the sickness and the old age of his people;
But finally he passed away:
And to this day, this day humans are scattered all over the face of the earth.
But the first woman who looked upon woman was a prophet from heaven.
And she gazed down on mankind –
She was a woman from heaven –
And she watched with burning eyes as mankind –
She was the Watcher over her, watching over her, watching to see if she might fulfil her destiny.
* * * * * * Note to Self: please email me with your e-mail address so I can put this in the file.
And Enoch lived after he begat Methuselah eight hundred and thirty years, and begat daughters:
And all the days of Enoch were nine hundred sixty-five and nine years: and he died.
And Methuselah lived about ten years after Enoch, and begat Fatima:
And Methuselah lived after he begat Fatima seven hundred and fifty years old, and begat Dinah and Zipporah:
And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty-five and nine years: and he died.
And as for Enoch, he was naked from the waist down, and he had long hair of the same length on his head.
"Why, Fatima, why didn't you come forward to claim your prize yet? You could have won her too, if you'd waited." "Please, Omar, claim her for me." "Not yet, Enoch. You've got plenty of time.
All the days of Noah were as it should be, for he was drowned in sorrow:
And Lamech came to the Lord of hosts; and stood before him.
He hid his grief; and sat down in his garden, and prayed to the Lord of hosts.
For he had suffered a death in his hand when the flood came:
But the grief was no more; his hand had once been white as snow, the hand that had borne him through the flood.
And now he looked upon a smooth blade, the color of emeralds, like the hair of the wolf. It glided smoothly along the length of his hand, concealed under the rounded soft-point of his forehead. And thick it glided, as if it were wax, from the tip of his head to the back of his neck, where it passed under the folds of his cloak. The blade was smooth like a serpent's, and curved like a dragon's. It skirted his body like a line of feline's gleam, deeper and deeper it went.
For there was no man that had so wicked a mouth against his flesh, that had a part in the murder of his only child.
And the things that the wickedness of man had brought to these children is more beautiful than any other destruction that he could conjure up in his thoughts.
And the evil that man had in mind of his fellow man was more than he could bear; he would have his dinner with these children's orphans.
For would he want them for his own? Would he have had them, even had he wanted them, if it had been given to him by his Creator? Would he have wanted them had he been able to give them his thoughts and his desires?
No, he would have wanted his own creation.
So great was his pride in his wickedness, that he would have willingly put the lives of his fellow man in the stake, if it had been given to him by his Creator.
And Noah was afraid of God; so Noah's people went to the sea, and sought her face.
And when they came unto her face, he smote his foot across her mouth, and she fell to the ground, her eyes rolling back, her whole body black with fright.
He stood over her once again, and he looked down upon her.
He said to her, Looke this is the one that was in the flood. He entered her flooded cunt with his cock.
And with that he impaled her upon the beast.
"This is the one that was in the flood," he said to her, "He is the one that will feel the lash of the flogger; his flesh will be broken, his mind will be darkened, his heart will be torn, and his life from the inside out will be a long one of horror and suffering."
And she said unto him, Fear not; your flesh is flesh; wherefore also shall ye flee?
Of wine, brandy, brandy mixed with soda, and beer; of the same liquor shalt thou put it in the vat; and of the liquor, which shall be drunk at the festival in the woods next Saturday.
And of the wastewater which I have sown in the woods next Saturday morning, make it therein curdle and sour and leaven the ground.
And this is the fashion with the animals: Cattle and sheep and goats shall be put to their uses at night, by this man; and this man shall be the master of the house at night.
Of every thing that creepeth upon the earth, whether it be plant life or animal life, the wicked shall devour in the daytime; while the wicked shall seek but a morsel for supper at the night.
But I will take you this evening to the woods in the evening, and I will pour myself a glass of wine.
This evening I will remove the bands from your nipples; I will take mine away; I will leave you naked, both hands, and your breasts shall be naked.
And I will lie down and watch the falling leaves, and hear you sob.
I will watch you for the space of an hour; then I will remove each hand from your breast, and I will remove my eyes from yours.
And Noah had hatches for them that were big enough to hold the world; and there were hatches for them that were big enough to cave in, because the waters were so great at that time.
And Noah was the oldest man that had come before them.
And the LORD spake unto Noah, saying: Verily I say, Yea, verily I say unto you; here is your prize for your trouble.
And Noah came to the ark, and the LORD spoke unto him. And Noah said unto the mighty flood, Grant me the right to rain death upon the earth; and verily I will grant it.
And Noah went and took Adonir along the length of the rope behind Adonir, and the two of them stood upon the roof of the ark.
And Noah said unto the boy, Adonir, grant this boon for I have no desire of my own; and he granted it.
And Noah walked towards the east; and to the west.
And they stayed there one and all, for seven days.
On the morrow morning of the next day, the rain ceased, and the day was warm, and the sky was clear and the sky was cool.
And the water ran cold on their flesh.
So Noah's men went into the storeroom, and used all their stores of provisions. They also had a store of deadly venom prepared for them.
But because of their previous experience with the constraining force of the rain, they knew that all other things must be prepared for just the same.
And so they did, from head to foot.
They came up with a plan.
He called Hamma, and told her to go to Noah's house with her water.
So she went, and called her husband, and told them to wait for her there.
And she waited.
And stood still.
And thought.
And saw.
She saw a man, standing on the other side of the open sea, wearing a hood over his head, shining leather and wooden spear in hand. He held a strap in his hand.
And Noah had done many wonders upon the face of the earth.
But Noah had done the wonders that he did only on the earth.
For his skin and his flesh were also tested and had tasted the sweet of the earth, and his eyes and his mouth were parched and stinging from the cutting of his flesh;
and the wind had been a torment unto him, and he was a prey unto the wind.
And it came to pass in the forty-fourth day, that Noah went out into the waters, and the raven went forth again:
And Noah stood upon the flood, and his skin and his flesh and his eyes were chaffed from the strokes of the raven:
And the birds fled into the corners of the ark, and the water ran from his waist to the floor.
And Noah stayed in the ark for two nights, he being enjoined to do other work as his business required.
And the next morning, Noah went into the fields, and plowed the land, and as he was upon his work, it happened that he did not hear the voice of his Master, which came from the field.
He came to the top of the steps, and looked upon the face of his Master, whose head was on a leaf, and he was crying.
And he spake the words that his Master spoke unto him.
Take of my bull's woolens and man's blood; for I have made thy skin white as the waters.
And take of the manna and the mucous of the womb, and of the leeks, which are in the ground this month; for I have taken them to be an offering to the Lord.
And go to the top of the mountain; and when you come to the top, take of the pad of chariots and the horses of the field.
For in the month of May the water shall come up to the top of the mountain, and the manna shall be torn from the field.
And when you return, take of the bull's woolens and the blood of the bulls; of the riders and of the beasts that are in the field; of the manna and the mucous of the womb.
And when you return, take of the raw manna, and of the lentils, and of the manna and of the urine in the field; of the urine and the crud in the field.
For in the month of June the waters shall come up to the top of the mountain, and the manna and the mucous of the womb shall be torn from the field.
And when you return to the ark, take of the urine and the crud in the field.
And Noah took his wife, and his sons after him; and was throughout the whole earth.
He fathered the children of Noah, and also of Hagar, daughter of Hamadan, the same Hagar had also been his wife from his first day on the earth.
And stood two days between death and his wife.
Yea, and God gave the same notice twice, saying, Thou hast completed thy marriage.
No man durst take his last name, for his last name was Noah.
He came to the earth in the third year, on the day that he must have done under the laws of inheritance.
For if he had, he would have been three years younger.
(That was why he was put at the foot of the altar in the ark.
that you shall not with mankind any more, after our flesh shall have been destroyed in war or in any other manner; for God doth the same Thing in many things.
And Noah's children shall walk before their father; their mothers shall be with them, and their fathers with them.
In the while ye sow and the next year the land reeketh of the sweat of blood of slain beasts; of blood of preys shed; of man's blood spilt upon the earth.
And the earth gives them shelter, and the wind blows on the trees, and the bushes, and the flowers are withering; all for the land.
And so it is that I watch the flesh of beast rise in the morning, and the breath of man breatheth upon the earth; the fangs and teeth of the monsters which hunt the prey which feeds at night; as the leaves of the trees are withered and withered; so that the night is no more:
And now the nightmares begin.
*************************************** Let us now return to the place whence we came. This year the terror is not so much the place, as the thing that I have seen. This year was different, the terror was not so much the thing, as the thing which I have seen.
And Noah had not yet looked upon the cloud which God had conjured; so he looked upon the earth, and from his bowels he cried.
"O my mother, why should I look upon it? Hath no God descended from the sky to comfort me? Did not He who raised me from the earth sow my seed in a cloud long before His day? And what is this day, which hath not been in creation, in creation? What did God have to offer me in return for my trespass? Did He who had been in Eden always alone in the garden of Eden be some one with other Titans in the garden who should look upon it? But now Noah knew, and one day his eyes became soft as clay, and he recognised the day of Creation.
And before his servant had finished his work, he was at the door of the tent, and she opened the door, and he entered, and they both pulled the keys from their sleeves, and they both knocked at the same time.
The master of the house rose, and looked upon the nakedness of his father, and his nakedness.
And he said, Let her go; for I am weary.
And he looked upon her nakedness; and she departed, and she had on a robe made of silk.
And she walked towards the center of the room; and she looked upon a lamp, and candles, and soft music; and soft music also; and soft music.
And she stood in a circle; and she had a stake in the ground about four feet from the center of the circle; and she placed her right hand upon the stake, and with her left hand pulled the rope attached to the pole.
And her father-in-law stood also upon the floor in front of her; and he pulled the rope from the ground.
And Shem, the master of the house, looked upon the ground upon seeing her nakedness; and he cursed her, and knelt upon the ground upon her.
And the son of Dodanim; Mizrah, and Abir.
These are the three races of mankind; that are the three races of the earth.
And the earth was shuddered with old age when Noah came to an old man; and the father of Canaan, Lot, the son of Noah, asked for one of Noah's goats.
And Noah said, Feed my goats.
And as the golden goat's sheen shone on Lot's face, Noah fed the men from Lot's belly.
And when Noah's day came, he released his soul into the burning fiery hells of hell; and he called his wife Lot's slave.
And she went into Lot's tent and became his slave.
And the night that followed was the night that the wicked woman stirred her giant ego and her pride; and her pride was of the day.
And on the 11th day of the month God sware of the earth; and it was fructid.
Nimrod built a house for Japheth upon the hills of the earth, in the land of Shinar.
And on the 12th day of the month he was over to the windows, and when he came in, he looked upon a scene worthy of a melodious fairy tale,
what he did to her is her business.
And at the foot of the bed, between the curtains hung a ebony corset,
with braider's, and silk stockings, and matching garter belt and fishnets.
His prick was a fairer than any in the woods, and the ridged tips were what animated her ebony body.
She was wrapped in a mantle of scarves; and the harvest dress she wore, and the trim tops of her skirt.
Before him she knelt down at his feet, her head down on the pillow.
He pulled her hair up in a clipped tangle, and twisted her face.
And this is the land which my servant my lord gave to the young Israelites: It was a land of dreams and dreams and hopes and fears and swords: and it the LORD thy right hand should guide the young life of Abram.
And this is the land of the living dead, which the Lord thy right hand hath given thee: to us, the land of the living dead.
And this is the land of the living dead which the Lord thy right hand shall possess: to us, the gifts of the living dead.
And this is the land of dreams and lives forever: the seed of the living dead.
And the trophy fight of Abram's hosts shall be the doom of the villages and cities they have moved against: And Abram's host shall be the control, and the trophy fight shall be the violence.
This is the one privilege which all must share.
But now he must be a prisoner of his own flesh: his flesh shall be for the eye of the gods only. He shall be their eye, and ours also: his pleasure shall be ours.
And Entelech, and Kardecz, and Hyacinth,
And Inchom, and Cuchet, and Potemkin,
And Molchina, and Bomon,
And Paraskev, and Cucogriff, and Petar,
And Oczatch, and Cugna, and Cucop, and Delizka,
And Kotoshka, and Cugna Cucop.
And the name of Joktan his brother was: Muttah.
And He was the father of all that dwelt upon the earth after Eber, after Tubal, and Seth.
And upon the earth also a great name was born, which he called Murtaz, which in the land was his name.
And he adorned his face with great beauty; for on his face were many arts of beauty, which no tongue could describe.
And his father's eyes shone like jewels, a fire like set to a dying flame.
And his mother's eyes shone like the shafts of a giant's arm, while her breasts were of soft, silky, satin.
And his hair was as thick as the hills, and snow white.
And Joktan did so, and there was Shelam, and Arphaxad did the same.
And She was Mistress of the House.
And when they had finished building, and of the city, Shelam dwelt upon the top of the earth, and Joktan was her slave.
And every night Shelam would send her slave down unto the ground, to kneel in front of the prone body she called 'Mizhar', and spank his ass for Her.
Or, she would have him stroke the cock for Her.
Or, She would have him suck Her cock, and kiss Her cock.
Or, She would have him fuck Her cock.
Sheld by Her hand in Her upon Her return from the garden, She was Mistress of the Gardeners there, and of the Huntresses there.
And these were the men she called Shem's people:
After these came the nations:
And the world became one land, two landings of man, one cattle, the other horse.
And the land was of one wood, the ocean and the land of the living and the animals: and there were none to separate them.
These were the generations of Haroun:
And the world began to be one land of darkness, two nations, the Arachne and the Vulture; sea-life; plants and animals of one kind, none here.
These were the generations of Hammon:
And the world began to be one land of life when the Arachne came, and settled there upon the rivers and upon the land of the living: And all the animals were one in kind, in number, in kindness and in in hidden beauty.
When the Vulture came to the earth this last year, the world was in darkness by blood and by woman: but in other ways this year would be witness to the life that the Vulture brought to the creatures that call this world.
In the world of daily living we see the mating and the courtship and the courtship and the courtship of lovely young women; but inside these creatures of darkness there dwelt a kind of mystery and forbidden desire, a sort of forbidden delight.
The world of dreams and dreams of murder and murderous murder had never before entered my life.
These things were forbidden to me until recently, and I had nearly given up, but a long series of tests and long conversations with my poor innocent chattel convinced me of my rightness, and I left for this world of dreams and nightmares and what not.
And Serug lived three and twenty years, and begat Vestavia:
And Serug lived four and thirty years, and begat Hamburg:
AND STANDING, there were from the children of Israel twenty boys and girls.
And the LORD spake unto them, saying:
"These are the records of transactions which my seed has witnessed, since the day that my seed entered into this dominion; yea, even as the days were a hundred years old, and was in the habit of visiting this place each winter, and coming back spring, and usually staying a month.
But in the latter part of the year, my seed visited this place seldom; for fear that the Lord would expose them to the rigors of the harvest season.
And now here I sit, with the records of transactions to show me that I have truly been a "mercy", and that I have made this innocent virgin his for the taking.
Yet it is more than that; these records of transactions show me that there is more to this young man than meets the eye.
For example, what doth this young man do for a living?
He lives with his Master, he travels to the store often, he builds him a whoring house, he owns this restaurant where Master Darrin and his friends gather, and his very own carriage whores.
Does he live a typical "mercy"?
And so this is the land of the Chaldees.
x Vaguely do I see, of gray for now, of silver and gold and crimson and white, and red-haired and red-eyed. I saw the flesh and blood of Terah and Nefertiti, of their rivers and their fountains. And from time to time I heard their blood plunge over raw tiger fur, and into their veins, as I passed close. I saw the faces of parents and grandparents and great-grandparents, and more than a few tears fell from their eyes. But all too often I saw their faces only in their sleep, or when they discussed the difficulties of their daily lives, as I watched their eyes slip over the ocean, and back to mine. I found it difficult to speak with them at first, because their sleep was so restless. But slowly I began to understand their words, their fears and their aspirations.
And when Lot went to Abram, his eyes devoured him:
And when Abram approached Parvati's house, his eyes devoured her:
And when Abram reached out to her, his hand came to rest upon his thigh, and she fell to her knees, and bowed her head:
And Abram breathed upon her face.
And when Abram approached her in the garden, his hand came to rest upon his thigh and he let her go:
And when Abram stood between her legs, Parvati came forward and kissed his forehead and her cheek, and said, Welcome.
And when Abram had come to her, Parvati offered her body, which had been freshly cut and smelled of jasmine, to her mouth: She lapped at it hungrily, sending the fragrance of her body into her heart. And when she came to her senses, and she was still, she went to him, and took away his cock from his trousers, and offered it to her mouth: He took it, and kissed it, and ate it. She stood, and as she was about to walk out onto the open country, she looked back. And seeing her outspread-legged position, and noticing her beautiful green dress, she went and sat down on a leaf, and stood, and began to caress it, for it was beautiful in the sun, and she felt warm. And then she noticed the snake, that was in the corner of her mind, and she began to caress it as well, and she began to fantasize about what it would be like to suck in a snake's head, and to feel the young woman's lips, and how the feel as they caress snakes'. And then she thought of Naomi, and how that wonderful young woman would surely enjoy what she saw.
For though this land is rich in beauty, and has abundant fruits of every kind, there is a famine in the land.
For the man who is fair in heart is in the eyes of the Lord: and though the eye of the Lord is upon him, he is not weighed, neither are his burdens.
For though the hand that feeds him must first have taken away the tooth from him, yet his heart is in the mouth of the life-giving mouth.
And when the hand that feeds on him shall have snapped his neck, and the mouth of the stranger is upon him, then the life-giving mouth shall open and suck him to the earth: and the stranger shall not be hurt.
And when his burden has been taken away from him by the hand that feeds on him, the hand that feeds on him shall her breasts in the mouth of the man that feeds on her; and the stranger shall kiss the hand that feeds on her.
And then the hand that feeds on her shall put his hand between her shoulder blades and bring her unto him, while his hand shall be under her armpit and in her armpit between her shoulder blades.
And then shall the stranger lie in her lap and the hand that feeds on her shall lick her ass.
And then shall the mouth of the stranger be upon her cunt as the hand that feeds on her is upon her clit.
And so they did.
And when Abram came to the land of Egypt, he herded the camels over to the sea, and they went down to the river.
And Abram sat on the shore, and called Sarai to him, and she came to him, and stood up when Abram saw her eyes upon him.
And Abram said unto Sarai, We will go and encircle the house with water: and we will have the water come up inside the house.
And with the handkerchief from above, Abram put his hand on Sarai's shoulder, and held her down.
And when the handkerchief from above was between her shoulder blades, she fell to her knees, and took the handkerchief into her mouth.
And Abram put his hand in his clothes and brought them to her mouth, and kissed her there.
Then Abram put his mouth right on the little cup she had taken in his hand, and tasted her juices.
And Lot answered and said, Peaceably, Abram.
And with that the conflict vanished, and the God of Magic slumbered some more.
But the morning came, and Abram awoke, and he and Lot rode out to the land, and Lot's wife brought Abram to the feast hall, and the God of Magic snapped his fingers and brought forth a plague of small black snakes which were in season, and which ate the rich man, and broke his arm and brought him to the floor, and the God of War broke his leg and laid him upon his back, and the God of Art and the one with the paralysis of his arm stopped his blows with his legs, and he slipped into the tent, and remained there a while, and then got up, and went into the tent and stayed there a while, and Lot's wife went to the hunters cabin, and the God of Hunger got under the tent and nibbled on Abram's cock and balls, and that made him swell with great pain, but he was worth the pain he took, for his reward was to be set a prey, and he soon did, and it took only minutes, and all they did was eat each other.
And Abram's cock became hard again, and that made her wet, too.
And Lot's wife went up to Abram's cabin, and the God of War took off his garments, and her fingers and toes, and he looked at his wife, and the tension he saw there made his cock swell again, and as Abram lay on his side, her hand touched the head of his cock, and Abram opened his mouth and fed the two of them into their mouths, and she did the same for him, and in the end they were stiff and ready for the next part.
And Abram's cock was very stiff by this time, and when Lot saw that, he impaled his wife on his cock, and she milked him like a cow, and he came, and she drank his jizz, and her mouth was stuffed full of it, and she sucked it off, and it made his cock swell even more.
And then Abram started to cum all over his wife's face, and in the end, they were both sweaty and spent, and when the husband was finished, his wife cleaned her face off with her fingers and smiled at Abram, and they looked at each other for a while, and then they all went to sleep.
For mine eyes were before the flood came; and Abram was as a man thrown into the sea: his heart was turned away from the flood, and his life was lost in the sea.
And the LORD spake of Abram, and of Lot, one to the other.
And the LORD said unto Abram, Rise and meet me in the land of Canaan, and take of Lot, all that thou hast; for I shall have Abram, and he shall have Lot.
And Abram rose and took Lot, and they meet at the gate of the city.
And Abram was passing the city gate in the morning, when the LORD appeared unto Abram, saying.
Take of the girl, Abram. For this is my daughter, whom I have made a wife to; her heart is in her head; her body is as clean as the air of the land. Therefore the conduct of this thing is as fit for a man as it is for a wolf.
And they besieged the citadel of the Rephaim; and the sky was filled with the of smoke from the fires of the men that were destroying the walls and the towers of Sodom.
And the names of the cities are this day a memory in Morgoth:
Sokrates damian; Englis seized by the Meneh; Denham by Edom; Meidice by Edmon; Machaj by Gamaliel; Bidha by Gamlu; Serz by Gamlu; and Isthel by Gamlu.
Then Abram watched with interest as the men who had come from the outer world, who had come to Mordor to find work, who had left their clothes in the dungeon, who were as naked as their mounts, who worked in the mines and along the walls of the cities,
And all through the green hills and the pines and the pines in which the men hunted were clad in none of the armours their fellows had worn on the heights:
In fact, some were naked, some had their labia painted on, and others wore tufts of black hair as others. Some had tattooed labia on their inner thighs and belly. And yet others, with coats of blood on them, and no other marks than the marks of the beast's desire, none to wear any armour for the world, even though the blood of their victims often clot the same in the places where it breaks down in the flesh.
And then Abram watched as the beheaded bodies were removed from the graveyards.
He felt Sadhu's gaze on him from behind: he had not known him before. He had had visions of her before he came to this place.
And there he met the Amorites.
And when his brother Shai slew him, the same bastard, who dwelt in Sodom, his pride and his madness.
And when his mother, Sofia, her beauty and her renown surpassing all that was woman and man, and created a man of the bloodlines of Admon and Aner, Abram went looking for the son of Admon, the fourth son of Joseph and Anna.
And when Abram came to the river bank of Ammon, and when the Amorites attacked him, he slew the whole host with a sword.
And when Abram heard that his brother Joseph had taken prisoners Amir Hana and Nira Qadir in the killing of Nadir Hana, he fell to the ground, and on smelling the musk of blood, he fled with his wife, and their three daughters, into the woods.
And when Shema heard that Amir Hana had given Nadir Hana her robes to wear in case of emergency, she fled with her baby daughter with her.
When the baby was born, Shai had returned from a circuit of the Solomon Islands, and he went looking for Abram.
He came upon him, and stabbed him in the back.
To the place called Shave.
And Abram went to the place called Shave.
He took Lot's tunic, and the coarse woolen wool blanket, and wrapped them about his neck; and he fastened them against his naked body.
And he stretched out his arms towards the mountainside.
Then Abram entered the Valley of Shave.
He went to the top of the hill; and he had his donkey cocked and ready on his knees, ready also to be put to the test, if any should come up there.
And he lifted up his eyes to the valley below; and he looked upon Sodom and Gomorrah and the valley below.
And he said, Let us try these weapons, if they so desire.
10 years old when Abram first brought her to the courts of the Orient, and the years have seen, and the Lord hath heeded his words.
Abram is the son of Abraham and Sarah: his wife was Rachel: he was Isaac's, and his only child. He was tall, over six feet, with long brown, curly, occasionally wavy, dark hair. He is a bit broad-shouldered, with strong, strong hands and shoulders.
He was dressed in a simple cotton sundress, that zipped at the side, revealing a skimpy white swimsuit. She was dressed in a black, silk boxers, that cinched at her crotch.
And when she left the room, he did the dishes.
He began to think of the new tenant of his new home, Rachel.
And Abram felt his flesh stirred as he went to the grave.
And Abram said unto him, Behold, I also sat down in a chair, in a wood, in a far country, with the children and the dogs, in a far country, with a stranger than the other man.
And Abram walked back to the tent.
And Abram said, What now?
And Abram stooped to pick a piece of cloth from the pile of clothes; and he was reunited with the children.
And Abram spoke.
"What are you doing, little one?"
Alarms leapt in the tent, and tears sprang to petals under the little fleecy's delicate silver rim.
(And this is the fifth generation, of the same name.)
And Abram was but a boy then; his father a Bedouin, whose parents were both Khaled.
During their golden years, David and Hagar had produced more children than any other man had ever done.
And during that time they also discovered another treasure; a marvelous book which their slave, Sarai, had seen in a window of a bookstore some years ago.
It was a beautiful poetry-laced book, the words which speak itself, the poems of the poet, inscribed on a priceless piece of art.
Among other things, the book contained the handwritten love-stories of the lovers; of lovers which were years ago discovered by a well-meaning friend, but which were lost to her when she was captured by the terrorists, and by then she was too weak to continue.
It was an antique, print-run, binding; and when the book was first discovered it was worth every penny.
And now, here she was, standing before the book's title; a beautiful young woman, and the slave of a powerful man; in search of his lost love.
And Sarai's mistress said unto Abram, Take her to your tent, and make her ready for us. And with two chills (according to her) she applied her brand on Abram's neck.
And they rode out into the tents of the host.
And the angel of the LORD stood between them, And looked upon Hagar's naked body, and, loosing one of his shining chills, he bid her depart.
And to the surprise of Hagar and her, the angel of the LORD gave her beautiful body a caress; and riding on Horseback with the angel of the LORD, he went to Hagar's tent and withdrew his hands from inside her, and he entered into her.
And while she was swaying from beneath the horse, the angel of the LORD placed his kisses in her mouth, and he held her tenderly, and they were both kissed.
And from within her, the angel of the LORD causeth and cometh; yea, even his soul as it were in hers.
He leaves his mark upon her ankle to weep upon, as his tears fall from her eyes.
And Abram looked upon the face of his mistress.
And Abram looked upon the face of his mistress.
And the LORD said unto her, Thou art beautiful, precious to me, O my precious slave.
And the LORD said unto her, Thou art pure in heart, and in body; for the eyes of the LORD are upon thee.
And the LORD said unto Hagar, Thou hast heard my prayer; therefore, clean thou now thine juices.
And Hagar breathed the breath of the LORD unto her; and the LORD blessed her heart.
The two of them came forth; the girl first.
And the boy was not far behind.
And Abraham fell on his face, and sobbed for a little while; but he looked up to the heavens, and cried, and all the days of his life he was beamed to the skies, to heaven, and back again.
He looked at God, and sighed; and his heart was heavy.
He loved his family.
And he looked at his wife, and she smiled.
She looked deep into his eyes, and he saw her love.
And so he said, With tears, he fled to the forests, to the land of the giants.
His three daughters watched him from the shadows, and their mother, who was a beautiful woman in every way, watched him from the heights.
He cried for joy, and a tear fell from his eye.
But it shall be two sons of one woman; one born in the house, and one born outside of it.
Each son shall be under her dominion, to lead his people and to inherit her kingdom.
This is my seal and my title; of the house on the hill, which I am the lord of, and of the land which I have conquered, which I never gave to any other.
This is my seal on this day, that I will be the slave of the dead on this day.
And I will tell the men who are with me on this day what to do with their bodies.
And I will take the young women at night here, and bring them to the feast, and have them wear a ring like this, which is a code word for one hundred virgins: W/we will be the young virgins.
They will not have to worry about what their bodies look like on a morning, they will be able to look into the eyes of the most beautiful woman in the land, and have all the pleasure they desire.
These young women are the ones who will be bearing Abram's name.
The skin of Ishmael was like wool, and his body was as smooth and soft as silk. Ishmael was of strong stock, and his age was such that if he were passed over, his soul would be the same age as his body. His eyes were the same as all, blue eyes, full soft-blue lenses, like the baby's bright blue eyes of the stock car driver. And his hair was the same as the baby's, straight and dark brown.
Without a word, Isaac guided Ishmael up to his knees. Ishmael knelt on the floor as Isaac began to slip the cloth over his body. And Ishmael knew what was going to happen to him if he fell. Isaac buckled the cording around his ankles and passed the foreskin to Charlotte.
And Sarah did so.
And Abraham smiled, for she gave him his thanks for the pleasure he had brought her in taking part in this new game.
And Sarah ate; her eyes beaming like stars in the darkness, as she ate her porridge, and the music of the flute as she played the little harpsichord, her finger nails running over her flesh as she played her halter top, her neck wide, her eyes sparkling as she murmured to the creature.
And then she lapsed into a daze as the music ceased, and she was left to kneel in the centre of the tree, and her knees parted, and she kissed the ground where she had been and the furry hide of the beast.
And as she made love to the ground, her eyes fell upon a Woman, and her head fell to the woman's body as she was reunited in a hug; and the woman's skin flushed as she noticed the long, dark, curly hair of her Lady, leaning against her shoulder to kiss.
And out of nowhere, she received a chain; and a thick leather collar, wrapped around her wrist and secured to the chain by thick leather loops, a chain which she was told was there for she was the first to fall in love with this lady.
She smiled, and stood, and bowed her head to the ground as she then walked up behind the woman, and she whispered softly as she then laid her face in the woman's wet cunt, that they were going to be together.
But it seemed that the darkness was shorter this time, and they made it seem that they were going to meet in the centre of the Earth, for her to use as she wished, and they set off to find the Truth.
And Sarah thought for a little; and said, That is as it should be.
And the LORD said unto her, Take thy bowels and clean the stripes from thy skin; there is but one more thing:
Must this woman be submissive to her lord? And Sarah lifted up her eyes, and looked to the LORD.
And the LORD said unto her, Toss her clothes into the fire, and lie there on the ground, with the blanket; and she cast her garments into the fire.
And the LORD spok'd with his hand, and the child was made to kneel in the dust, with her eyes downcast.
Now the time had come for Sarah to come; and so the LORD had she crept to the door.
When Sarah opened the door, her eyes were to see her master; but her heart was to protest.
And when Sarah stepped into the room, she heard the sound of the water running.
And the LORD spake unto Sarah; She said unto Abraham, Let us go down to the river: and he said, Yea.
And the LORD went down and looked upon Sodom: it was large and populous; and huge round and square: four or five storeys in a low tower.
And the lord pulled up his whip, and with one hand let it pass over each of the pillars, upon which the people were seated; and many people fell to the ground.
But the whip passed over the centre of the people, and again over the people, and again it came down; and again it fell;
And the lord pulled his people up to the top of the tower, and struck both their feet with it.
Then the people rose up, and the lord led Sarah to the top of the tower; and made her sit upon a big pile of straw, on her back.
And the LORD lifted her, and the smoke of the dancing came up into the air; and the people were still dancing.
Then the LORD took the woman, and brought her to the top of the tower; and bade her rise and enter.
And the LORD spake unto Sara; She said, Let us go back to the river; and the LORD did as thou said.
And Abraham stood still and asked, What then shall I do? And the LORD said, Take the city-cloth and put it in the well; for the sand is filthy and will be troublesome later.
And Abraham removed the garment from the well, and said, What shall I do with the others? The LORD said, Take the garment, and the cornerstone of the city: I will be the one setting it on fire.
So Abraham pulled the curtain as far as it would go, and blew his horn, and began to set the conflagration. The conflagration went up to the top of the temple, and in two hours, it was over. Now the revelers came up upon the well, and several of the revelers took refuge in various places around the well, and into the well itself. The conflagration had killed fifty people, and injured more than a hundred more.
And Lot came forth, and said, The man came forward and looked out towards the house. And he came forward and bowed his head, saying, Welcome.
But the women of the city stopped Lot, and asked, saying, Why are you come here tonight? and he answered, I came as a guest.
And they said, Why are you coming this late? and he said, A girl like you has no right to come early.
And one of them said, but a guest should be at our dinner. And she pointed to the table; and Lot went to the table; and the women of Sodom stood and looked, and Lot looked; and Abraham and his brother-in-law and Lot's maiden and the girl's aunt and uncle all stood and looked; and many of the men of Sodom's city looked; and Lot's face was shining as he came forward; and Lot's hair was as soft as his own.
And Lot withdrew from them, and went into the field, and brought Jorunn and Reuben home, and carried them to his house in a canoe, and took them before her.
She went to the city to report to her master.
She came back to her people; and when she return'd, she found them in bed, their bodies smote to the ground. She went to Lot and said, Blessing of thee; for the LORD hath given me to thee this morning in the shape of man, male; and I took Lot, and my servants, and my goods, and my livestock, and my house, and our goods, and our cattle, and our livestock, and our cattle, and our livestock; in the shape of a man.
And the LORD spake three times against the man; and Lot the spake first two; and the LORD took Lot's wife after that.
Hast thou found another man like this one? son in law, and thy sons, and thy daughters-to-be? Hast thou found another submissive male like this one?
And Lot left the city, and went to the mountains, and he called upon the aid of the wind.
And he drew near the top of the mountain, and stood upon the top of his mount, and the clouds gathered, and the rain came; and Lot's face was smothered with rain, and his clothing was torn; and his flesh was damp with the same.
And when the rain ceased, the wind rose, and fell upon Lot, and the lightning flashed through the iron bars, and the bars were shattered, and his limbs were severed; and he fell to the ground, with tears in his eyes, and a terrible thirst; and he felt that his soul was descending into hell.
But the LORD brakeeth not his eye, neither did he turn from his work.
He called to Lot's wife, saying, Let her husband come forth, and she came forth; and the LORD said to Lot, Go and stand before the giant of the mountains, and tell him his wife is captured; and if he will not come forth to claim her, then the battle shall be on.
Lot went forth, and climbed to the top of the mountain, and he looked upon the giant's wife, who bore his wife Lot, and he cried with tears in his eyes, for he had fallen in with the giant's company.
Lot's wife was the fairest woman Lot had seen in a long time.
Her skin was of white ebony, her eyes soft and blue-green, soft and milk's, full and fair.
He looked upon her now, and it was as he had been eons ago.
He came forth, and with a spark of Desire in his eye, he descended unto her, and lo, behold, she was naked.
Her nipples were hard, protruding from her thick, draped hair; on one breast her nipple was upturned, the other a little down. But the most interesting thing about her was her puffy, puffy pussy. In Sodom and Gomorrah she had been tied in various ways to excite the lustful in her lower half. In Zoar she had been raped and her cunt was used to excite the poor sheep. For days before she came forth, Betelgeuse was having dreams of blowing his wimple, and licking his cum off of her pretty face; but the dreams drained away quickly when the little stranger walked into the rooms where the men who were his playthings lounged and gave her hosannah, the keeper of the voodoo candles which were allowed when the guests came here for the religious festival. And she was horny as hell when she heard the clink of chain and the hammer strike.
And the younger fled from Zoar, and came to the land of the Moabites: and Lot went up to meet him.
And the elder pursued Moab, and dwelt in Zoar, and dwelt there with his family that he had captured that was his for hire.
And the younger, who was now a youth, with a few scars of battles he had received, accompanied the Moabites into the city.
And the city was a marketplace of the most beautiful trees:
there were stalls for the selling of all manner of articles of wear, and the eating of all manner of food from all parts of the land.
There were also their father's tents, which he had placed in such wise that the longer he stayed behind to see the trade, the more valuable the wares would be; and the longer he stayed behind, the more valuable his father had to give:
And there were the foulest and most secret things in the city, which Moab would take the trade to the streets to find and bring to his father and the City's Master.
And so it came to pass that when Moab heard of the stranger's presence, he fled to the woods, and whither he turned to find the woman whom he had seen earlier.
She was a young girl, with long blond hair and blue eyes. She stood before the stall, and was still very pretty with small breasts and small breasts, and a face which was like that of a bared sex goddess.
And before the moon was gone, the curtains were pulled across the window, and the floodlights were thrown on the window, rendering the place dimly lit.
All things were in darkness; wind and rain and clouds had been thrown into the room.
But the windows were open, and the light of day was visible through the blindfold, though the darkness made it difficult for the eye to see.
Gabrielle rested upon her husband's chest, and he held her close.
He was calm, her mind went back to the strange dream, as she woke to find her clothes on the bed, and only the scent of her husband was drifting into her imagination.
They had been married for seven years, and while she'd grown colder, she'd felt warmer during her trips to work as the work week lengthened.
As their honeymoon approached, Gabrielle wondered if their secret summer filled secret places, but all that would come out was the sound of their quiet voices, his gentle voice, her soft breathing, and his hands on her body, over and over.
When the summer solstice approached, the city was silenced in the sense of the day: there was a dull roar of thunder, and the tremors rippled through the entire region of the world.
And Abimelech dwelt in the land after he came to the river, and traded with the merchants there; and they brought him corn, and other things therefrom.
And when the men sold their goods to him, he divided the property equally between his two sisters.
And when the merchants sold their goods to him, he gave to Sarah his, the same thing; and he gave to Mary his.
And when the men sold their goods to him, he gave to Mary his half, both of his properties.
And Abimelech dwelt in the land after his people sold their properties to him, for the land he had bought from the Mongols was a most fertile land; and they brought him barley and other crops, and other clothes.
And when the women sold their properties to him, he gave to Mary his, two thousand shekels of silver; which he gave to Sarah his, one for each night that she would not sell her property to him.
And Abimelech lived in luxury before he sold his belongings, for he was rich indeed, being one of the very few.
But when the people sold their things to him, he sold them to Mary his, and to Sarah his.
And Isaac was a son in blood, of noble birth; and he was the more eminent in all the things that the LORD had commanded his son.
And Isaac was very eager, to show his father his talents.
When Sarah father brought Elizabeth to her. Sarah asked Elizabeth to be his wife. Elizabeth said to Sarah, Yea, of what? And to Isaac, Be it done.
As Elizabeth stood and hand-carried the boy to the door of the house, Sarah knocked.
"Please abound in your chores, little one.
And Abraham's eyes became to beervan, for he was in his father's stead.
And Abraham walked to Sarah and said, Look upon my son, Isaac the bond-woman; thou art her son.
She shall serve me well; thou shalt I command her, and shalt thou tell him; and also she shall serve her husband.
And Sarah said unto him, Isaac is my son: his brother is the lord of this land; and his three sisters are my slaves.
And Sara cried, saying, Lord, O my Lord; also Lord, that I have no other child.
And Isaac said unto Sarah, My pride is great, for I have no other son; nevertheless I command thee, that in all things Sarah shall serve my son Isaac.
And Sara said unto him, How long shall I detain thee? and how long shall I hold back my people?
And when the boy was old enough, he was taken in as an animal; and God saw that his heart was set on the prey of ravening.
And God said unto him, Take thy bow out of your mouth, and give it to me.
And he took the bow, and flew into the wilds of the Upper Peninsula, and hiked the mountains; and when he came to the valley of the lakes, he paused.
And the crow's song was behind him; and he knew what was behind him.
And he quenched his quilt with a warm, moist cloth.
He wet the quilt, and lay back to await the coming of the frost.
He heard her faint as the cold stunned him.
And he grew wet more as it crept up the backs of his legs, chilling him.
Abraham said unto the chief captain of his host, Let us see.
And he took the ewe lambs, and slew them.
And Abimelech said unto Abraham, If any of thy lambs should fallow this thing, we shall take the ewe goats, and feed them as our lambs. And we shall keep the sheep and the oxen for ourselves.
Abraham smiled, and felt envy in his heart, for he owned the oxen too; and he felt envy.
Then was a doing as they wish, for the oxen and sheep belonged to his people.
And Abimelech set out to look for the girl, which was not far; but he could not be everywhere at once; and she was not far, by far, either.
And he came to the river's edge, where the water was calm.
And after he had put Isaac there, in the place of his betrothal, he called his young servant and told him to prepare for him; and the young servant did, and the young servant came forth to render his worthiness.
Then Abraham lifted his eyes in surprise, as he saw the naked, erect male who had held that weirdo in his arms.
"What, boy, do you think you'd be interested in serving me here?" he asked.
"Ah, yes, I'd be very much so, Master." the boy replied. "Go and fetch for the animal for the night. We'll keep you and Jonathan in good shape for the parties later.
And the LORD God of hosts sent him away in a voice like thunder, to a place far, far away from the land of Moriah.
And Abraham knew the place was far, far away, because at that place the fire was kindled from the sea, and the wood was the earth.
And Abraham called to Isaac his son: Let us go to the place where God has sent thee, to a place where we may sacrifice to the LORD thy God.
And Abraham went before his father to the place, and took his son Isaac and his mother Mary, and his wife Isabella, and his brother Jacob, and his daughter Leah, and his two sons, and took them with him.
And they came to the place where he had sent Isaac; and the fire was kindled where Isaac was.
And Abraham stood in the center of the circle, and called to Isaac his son, saying, Look upon the ground, my son; and Isaac came to him.
And Abraham knelt down in front of Isaac his son, and looked upon his mother's thighs and her arms.
And the LORD God of hosts entered into him, and spake unto Isaac, saying, Take up your position on the ground; I will be there shortly.
And the angel of the LORD called unto him from heaven, and said, Let us go to the mountain of burning syrup; and he took the two of them, and they went down into the valley; and the angel took the boy, and the fire was kindled in the valley, and the fire grew and grew till both their skirts were soaked in syrup.
And the people of the valley ran to the aid of their leader, and many rushed forward to help.
And when they had come to the mountain, Abraham knelt down in front of the girl, and the angel took the boy, and brought him to his feet; and when he had stood up, the people of the valley came up to him and took him in their arms, and the flames were kindled where he stood, and the people of the valley and the fire were very near together, and the water was very warm.
And Abraham looked down into her eyes, and they twined around his neck, and he kissed his daughter, and they held him to them; and she felt the water running down the length of her body, over his privates, and then down over her breasts; and then she felt the water running down over her stomach, over her tummy, down over her pubic area, and down to her thighs. And her voice was very quiet; she did not know what to do. Abraham moved his hand between her legs, and she tasted his thick, hot fingers. He began to rub her pussy, and she watched as he slid one, then the other into her; and she became wetter, as her desire for him grew. His fingers closed around her clit, and he began to play with it; and she moaned slightly, as he began to insert his finger and then another; and then she heaved with the pressure of him on her cunt; and she could see him raise his hands as he slid his fingers in and out, and her nipples were pebbles on the floor, and she shivered slightly, as she felt the second finger enter her.
Take up your blouses ye sons of bitches;
And take your tunics and your cravats and your scarves;
And hand all thine to Me, and I'll give you a hundred lashes with the riding crop and tongue;
For this women hath offered her all for you: and this man also hath offered himself to you.
And when the women had finished, the men went in to her chamber and heard what she was sayin', and looked at what she was wearing, and what was in her hand.
But the stallions refused to take their clothes, and for this the mistress gave them ten lashes with the riding crop;
And then the women stood as one on the floor, as the cruel mistress stroked the women's backs and shoulders, their bellies touching every part of the women's bodies.
And the men put on their clothes, and followed the women to the car.
The men named Reumah and Sarah were the first to drive.
The car started with a pronounced jarring thrust of flesh; the shudder was loud, the smell of blood, and the scorching rays of the sunbeams were concentrated into the very marrow of the knees of Reumah and Sarah. The tension was great as the young drivers took to the wheel; they must have been twelve and thirteen years old, because they could see their wives crouching by the fire, their hands cuffed above them.
And then the car started, the third time, as the young men galloped through the streets of the city; their eyes grew wide as they saw the carnage in front of them, and the smoke billowed into the sky.
And Abraham answered them, saying,
This is Mine! Da! Be on your knees before Me, man! Jude the Hittite answer,
Yes, my lord.
And Dabir answer the people of the city, saying,
Your highness, will I serve you in his name? If thou wilt, Dabir the Hittite answer.
Yes, my lord.
And so it was that Hazy Abraham returned to the city, on foot of the her tithes paid by Sarah and her slaves.
But after this, Abraham's mind was troubled:
Is it not enough for us that he should have been her friend, and her lover? Is not Isaac, the son of Mansour, who was her protector and her lover? And also is Roger, the son of Jacob, who was her protector and her lover? These were the people who had been with her when she had brought her to life, when she had been imprisoned, and now, with her
His eyes had seen and felt in her gentleness the gentleness of her new hosts. Is it not enough for us, my lord? If the new hosts are to continue, then Sarah must be their hostess, Mistress Selena, beauty of the field and playmate of Mansour? And beyond this, what right has her? She must try to communicate with the mysterious stranger, and hope that her hosts will grant her the greatest paladin of her guests.
And Abraham swear by the holy grail of his hand, that he would take the place of his son into his arms if he so chose.
And so Abraham went back to the land of the Chaldeans, and told them of his dream, and of the dreamer who sware to him of Isaac.
And when the men came back to the gate of the cave, young men came forward to inspect it.
And Isaac was not one of them.
And he told them of his dream.
And when the men had examined it, and found it safe, he went back to the old man and told him to put the girl in the car.
And take her to the city, and take her to a hotel, and bring her up for fondling.
And after he brought her up, he let her stay with him for a night.
And she bore the name Betilda; which is the name of the port in the harbour where they were brought up.
She bore the name Emile; which is the name of the emperor of the Emiles.
She bore the name Maria; which is the name of the wife of St. John the Baptist.
She bore the name Elata; which is the name of the son of Satino, who was the son of Anasterias, the wife of Alexander the Great.
Her name was Elata.
And her beauty was like none that had ever lain in woman's hands.
She was tall, and very fair.
And she said, No.
And he said, What shall we do, if the ladies refuse to take her daughters in this room?
And she sighed, and said, What shall we do, if the ladies refuse to take her?
And they sat down at the table, and the flood of questions in their heads, overwhelmed them.
And they sat down cross legged, one on each shoe, and the camels beside it, and the maids and the servants and the police all gathered round.
And they ate their fill of food, and their stock of drinks, and carried them into the limousine.
And as they were eating, the servant came forward, and knocked at the door.
And when they had said their good byes, they went back into the well, and the police van, and the limousine and the maids and the other passengers went off to the river.
And when the man, whose name was Isaac came, went into the well, and saw the ease in which the camels were carrying the man, he became joyful, and came forth to greet the stranger.
And when the man's mother, named Nerissa was come, and saw the camels, and the price of the camels, Isaac went to greet her.
And Isaac was the better for his absence; for he had been with a maiden before, when the damsel had been with Nerevan; and he had enjoyed the company of both girls.
And Isaac spoke unto the damsel, saying, Let us bathe now; and she was unwilling; and he was unwilling; so Isaac was sent out of the well.
And when Isaac had bathed, and was clean, he went into the well, and found Rebekah sleeping; and the damsel was in a state of excitement.
And Isaac said unto her, Why dost thou not come? Hast thou not had thy worm's girl? Hast thou not had her pussy-titty's play-toy?
And the man sware to the LORD, saying, I am Sarah's son.
And the LORD liveth, and granteth life; and I will send thee forth, to the delight of the daughter of Peor: to the delight of Lamia, and to the joy of my lord.
And the LORD God of hosts gave to Sarah his daughter Canaan, to whom the LORD had given her as a daughter-in-law; and she was Sarah's wife.
And the LORD God of hosts gave to Rebekah his daughter Sarah, to whom the LORD had given her as a daughter-in-law; and she was Sarah's wife.
And the LORD God of hosts gave to Reba his daughter Canaan, to whom the LORD had given her as a daughter-in-law; and she was Sarah's wife.
And the LORD God of hosts gave to Reba his daughter Reba, Reba's wife.
And the LORD God of hosts gave to Sarah his daughter Reba his daughter-in-law; and she was Sarah's wife.
And the LORD God of hosts gave to Rebekah his daughter Reba his daughter-in-law, Reba's wife.
And I looked at Bethuel, and said, Who dyes her camels? Bethuel's daughter, that is.
And to the daughter of Zerubbabel, I gave this daughter of Zerubbabel, and this daughter of Bethuel, to thee.
And to the maiden Sarah, I gave this daughter of Bethuel, and this virgin virgin widow, Sarah.
And to the younger brother of Bethuel, I gave this youth, and this boy, a wife.
And to the wife Sarah, I gave this girl, also named Sarah, that is.
And to the slave Hagar, I gave this girl, also named Sarah, that is.
And to the girl Hagar, I gave this girl, also named Sarah, that is.
And he went away, and she called to her master. He said, Go to the mountain, and she did. And she was there.
Chapter 3

THE MISTRESS AND THE MASK.

The dominant spirit in this chapter is the idea of the lower half, which are the blood vessels, the vagina and the mouth. The inferior half is the mind, which is not directly related to the sexual. The idea of the mouth is that of a safe haven, a place where nothing is done that the dominant can't handle. Her body is covered with a soft silk that hangs loosely in the air, that gives no hint of her satin coat or the feathers of the nest.
And Isaac knew what was to come.
He was to watch as her brother and his companions were to maul and rape, and suck and feast upon the camels. And he was to make love to Rebekah, and to Spank her until she was a house on her wheels.
He knew what delight his sister was in having such an animal in her care.
And he was filled with envy of her, for she was the fairest of all camels; the most beautiful of all women.
And Isaac knew that, even though he was a hunter, he was in a sort of crafter's hurry: he had discovered this little gem of a man, and he would peruse and delight in the things he had discovered.
And tonight he was going to see for the first time the taste of freedom.
And to be continued.
And Keturah was the mother of all camels.
And Keturah had been repeatedly visited by the servants of the court when they came to visit her.
And now she bore Jokshan, and his kinsman Sheba.
And they began to inhabit this beautiful city, and had spread their skin over an acre of land.
And now her beauty shivered from their going out to feed the camels.
And so she sat, and nursed her newlyweds, and recited to them their pleasuring prayers, and told them how she was going to give their visitor the same treatment, and display as she had seen shown to other visitors.
When Keturah awoke, she was startled to see the servant enter the tent.
Keturah opened the door; and there was but one slave amongst the court.
i s father was called Sa-sa-sa; his mother was called Ela.
And Isaac, being Abraham's heir apparent, was the master over these three.
He ruled from the throne, and descended from the line of Tamar his mother being the Queen's aide-de-camp.
He was a man of few words, but he was maternal, and his eyes shined with a rare light haggard look.
He was handsome, and especially so when he acted in the chivalrous manner that Queen Elsa enjoyed.
He had a strong and sagacious bearing, a virtue he displayed often.
He was vain; never losing his wits about him.
He was envious of many things, but his ambition excited him most of all.
She bore his name, she said. She sold her soul to Laban when she was fifteen, and he took her into his arms and held her for his, taking her to Fortress Monroe, and staying with her for several months, she said.
She said that when she first met him in the street she was in awe of him, as she had never been before, and she was glad to meet him.
The boy she bore later became her youngest son, and she said that he was a revelation, he reminded her of her childhood, and her desire; to be under his control, to obey him, to yield to his every desire.
She said she adored him.
And so it was that she was reduced to kneeling at his feet and sucking his cock.
She also said that her only regret was that she had not stroked his balls when he had come in her mouth, and she hoped that he would one day be able to do so.
And so it was that she spent many lazy Saturday afternoons coursing through the summer heat trying to get lost in the throng of people milling around the outdoor seating, rather than following the path that led to the phalanx of tude's long and glorious legs rising up those slender legs to whak eerily from the point of her calves to her thighs.
For her heart was set on acquiring possession of him for herself: and she ventured to seek out a shop among the merchants to purchase the beautiful daughter of Tigana and her husband; and she came to the shop when the couple was standing one on the cobblestones.
And the day the couple was on their wedding day, she sold her dress; her clothing; and her dress was given to Jacob.
And then they lived happily ever after; despite the many obstacles that stood in the way.
One obstacle was Rebekah's evil streak of lesbianism. She had been reckless and reckless in her dealings with men; and the sight of her in sexual situations was bad enough to have her downward spiral from being a virgin to be considered a pervert in some quarters. She had committed adultery a number of times; and she had lied to Jacob and to others in an attempt to gain favor with him. Now she was a re-offender. To be sure, there were circumstances in Jacob's life that could have caused him to be frustrated in a relationship with a woman.
And Isaac went down into the land; and he said, It is like unto what I did in days past, for I have come back to this land after the exile of my people: for I have heard the cry of the oppressed.
For I was an oppressed people too: when I was exiled my people had no king, no lord; and Esau was oppressed even more than before.
Now I shall turn thee back over to the people: for Esau was an oppressed people too, when he was exiled.
And when he came back, he came riding a stall, and began to sniff the air.
And when he came up behind Rebecca, his hand came down heavy upon her bare ass.
Isaac tied her to the stall. Then he moved to Rebecca's ass, and lay down under her. His cock was in her pussy, and his cock was in her ass.
So Abimelech went and fetched the woman's wife, and took her to a well-lit room, and walked her into the room. And when the woman's husband had entered, Abimelech went and sat in a seat of honor on the side of the bed. And as Abimelech was going to the women's room, the women's husband came in. And when he had come in, he looked upon the wife of Abraham, and his eye fell upon her. And as his eyes fell upon her, his cock was brought to life with the force of the kiss. And his wife was so overcome with joy that she fell into a almost dazed stupor as her body calmed down. But then a wordless phone call was made for the hotel room, and all that followed was a half-dozen or so hotel rooms for the women, and a few taxi rides for the men. The man who had been in the car that had been calling had remained to assist in the arrest, but the other man had left.
And Isaac was much pleased with the man; for he was old, and had worn many garments in his youth, but now he was naked: and he had to do the same with his clothes.
When Isaac had thus far done this, he went from the valley's edge, and came upon a spring, and took his stand behind it.
And he said, Let us now see how eager this young man is, and let us see if he is hard, already.
And Isaac took some leather, and brought it down against the woman's ass, and watched for the marks: and he came upon them, and struck.
She screamed, and tears streamed down her face.
Then he took a flogger, and struck hard; and she leaped from the tent, and screamed again.
And he struck her harder still, and she came stumbling forward, her face turned bright red, and her body fell apart; and she screamed, and cried out his name.
And he struck her with the whip, and she came tumbling down, and gasped with the sudden pain.
And they went to Bab el Mandeb, and the young men went to him.
And the priests went to Isaac and said, Loaves must be prepared for thee, and they must be offered before thee.
And Isaac said, Loaves shall be prepared: but preferr us forbidden meats: for we shall have forbidden the eating of flesh: and in the evening sacrifice the boy-wool, and the youngest of all the animus towards the creature.
And the well was prepared, and is the most vinous well known in all the world; for it is full of fluid, and in many ways is the most sensitive of all the known wells.
And Abimelech and the boys set about the preparation of the altar.
And some time after the young men had performed the sacrifices there, Abimelech said, Let us go to the well again; and the temple goers came forth, and the young men went to the well, and the priests went to the well, and the boy-wool came forth, and the well was prepared again.
And from thence they came again, with two or three of the boys; and from thence they went to the well where Isaac was standing, and they stood weeping.
And now the boys came forth; and with their blood many swoon.
And Esau his wife was also a Midianite.
And there lived a Midianite woman, Shebah: and she had many friends in her city.
One of the men who had been working for her was Esau's oldest friend, Sheba:
And she was to be the woman's slave for the entire week.
That was how busy the servants were at work.
Every Saturday and Sunday, and into the wee hours of the morning, Sheba goes to work:
He cannot get up in the middle of the night, for the servants must first wake her up.
Sometimes she does as she is told, and seems to have a different mind than the other men.
And when she does not get up at eight she is there waiting for him.
The week was very busy for Mistress Susan:
Sheba had told him about Sheba's friends and relatives and how she had once been his and how she felt about her age.
And Jacob went to the field. And when he came to the top of the hill, he looked upon a beauty, a beauty which he had seen a few moments before on the beach. She was older than his twenty-one years; even more beautiful in person than he had imagined. And her eyes were the color of emeralds, the bone of many many teats, and the gleam of youth. I gazed upon her face for the first time, and was taken with the sight, the beauty, the sexuality of this woman. And I came to know her name, Tamara:
She was the daughter of Leonidas the conqueror of Byzantium, and he was her lover.
And Tamara was a virgin:
Not able to claim a male foetus from his mother.
And she was small: Tall, slender, and sure of shape.
And she went to fetch her father's cock, and her mother's son:
And she descended into the field of battle, with speed and vigour, she had mounted the short gallop of the horses.
And she took the young men captive, both of them crouching in the hoof:
And she sat down between her parents, and suckled Daniel, and he was very young:
And she was also still in her menstrual tract.
And Rebekah's mother stopped her, and urged her to ride faster.
She then took the spear, and the leather strap, and the boys pants; and Rebekah gat as far as she could between them, she put both of them in a horse and ridden faster.
And she rode her mother's cock faster then anyone had ever rode it before; and having been seized with an evil lust, she drank the seed of her mother, and her mother's cock; and her mother's cock was swell'd with her cum.
Then she rode Daniel as hard as she could, while her mother held the whip, and her father drove the horses and kept the whip, because he was a cruel man.
He did not give the whip the effect he intended, because the horse was so full of men; some of them pulling on their cocks; and the older boys called girls; who were their cocksucking teens; and the faggot was a slave, who was constantly fucking her vulnerable young cunt.
And their mother was still blindfold'd, and kept hard by the whip.
And Isaac came unto him, and kissed him on the mouth.
And Isaac untied his father from the saddle of his horse, and took his place in the saddle of the horse, between Jacob and Rebekah.
And Isaac said unto Jacob, Be quiet, Little Boy, or I shall put a stony ground between thee and the maiden, and seize thee before her beauty.
And Jacob said unto Isaac, Be quiet, Little Boy; the ground is not ready.
And Isaac ground before his father, and seized him by the barest of means, yea before he even knew it, and made him submit to his final descent into the abyss, and his final reign as master.
And Isaac said unto Jacob, Be quiet, Little Boy; I will not put out the fire, and I will not hurt you.
Jacob said unto Isaac, Be quiet, Little Boy; I do not wish to be a hindrance to you.
And Isaac said unto him, Thou hast won.
And Isaac rose, and began to feed his son: and it came to pass, as Esau had fed Jacob, that Isaac's father jumped in with his own appetite.
They were now rich in that they had eaten their son's flesh, and their mother's flesh, and their father's flesh.
And there were other fine things for them, too.
And after the feast, they went back to the room they had beheaded their previous night, naked and naked, with Jacob's skull bashed in.
And they were both proud of their son.
And their mother sent word to her slave, that she would give her daughter to Jacob this night; that Jacob would keep her company; and she would keep her house in good repair.
And so Jacob slept, with his mother, and his father, and his Mistress.
And when the slave had fallen asleep, his father sent him away to bed in the dungeon; and also commanded Jacob to shave his cock in the same fashion.
And Isaac was filled with joy, for he knew that he was Lord of his dom; for in his eyes this man was the only creator of the heavens and the earth. And Isaac's skin was white as snow, as his eyes were asunder.
And after Isaac had eaten, his father and Isaac went to the court and up to the balcony where the nobles were assembled. And Isaac went up to the arch and his father bade farewell to the assembled hosts, and went up to the top of the stairs.
And then he sat down to eat his corn and read the paper.
And sitting there, looking up into the window, he could see a man, naked except for his coat, legs chained to the beams, arms and hands behind his back, with his mouth chained in a corn maze, to the bottom of the stairs. His skin was as fair as a mother's hair, pale with some dark under-eye circles peaking through the fine, lightly flaring roof of his eyes. His head was covered with a thin band of dirt and his hair was shaved short, spiky where the soft and fine hairs grew smooth and soft, and his nose and mouth were coarse and coarse.
So Jacob returned to Isaac, and bound him, and Esau their all, both in one day; and swore that he would make her his slave no more ever after.
Laban was left to the dogs.
As for those that remained, they either escaped, or they were killed as they tried to get past the array of weapons that were brought against them.
In the evening, Jacob came from behind Esau, and entered the city, and was on his way to Gilgo. And there he found Jacob, and they embraced, and fell in a passionate embrace, which caused Boaz to fall to the ground. And let there be no confusion; the fighting was between Jacob and Esau.
Oh, the nights were long, and hot.
When the sun went down, Jacob led Esau across the sky towards the fortress; and there he struck; and Esau lay dying, but he was glad to be alive, and his joy was the greater, for his lord's sake.
Ishmael was a man over six feet tall, a height which terrified the daugher, for she was nothing; her beauty was great but her beauty was such that she frightened the daugher. She was a nymph in the sense of the word, a warm, wet place where rivers flow together: she was like a rose whose petals have the virtue of youth. She was also known as the Rose of the East.
Eshmael was a curious case. She was a nymph in the sense that a rose by day is a different color at night. She was tall, her skin was fair, her eyes were large, blue-eyed and hazel-haired, her hair was long and blonde. She was close to being ariolas. She was a warm, tolerant, and compassionate person.
And Jacob went out from the tent, and went to the house of Isaac.
And his wife was sleeping in bed.
And he came and went up to her, and kissed her and fondled her in all places where the eye of the storm should be between them.
And the LORD stirred in his sleep, when he looked upon Jacob.
He heard her snore in her sleep, and she fell into a deep sleep.
And the LORD said unto Jacob, Mine! mine eyes have seen the sleep of the dead; and my soul has been plunged into that which is new.
And the LORD said unto Jacob, Why do you fear Me so?
And Jacob hissed as he approached the well, in his mind he was looking upon three things;
First, his mother's hand, which he had seen in dreams, and tasted of the wax in her hand;
Secondly, the stone he had in his hand, which was wet with honey, and had been rolled in his bed's covers;
And thirdly, the blood of his mother's hand.
And Jacob spied a little black box lying upon the well's mouth.
He looked at it, and marveled at what he saw.
In the corner was a sheet of paper, in thick paper, with the mouth of a man inside it.
Jacob looked around.
There were no doors there.
There were two windows there.
Jacob's eyes fell upon the leather harness around her waist, and he was suddenly frightened.
At that he leaped, and fell upon her, and they fell in one embrace.
And Jacob his daughter was not in this world: she was only in the world of the wicked.
Jacob was in the world of evil.
And this wicked, heartless woman was his pride.
She was his creation, his pride.
He had created her in his image, and he took away her pride.
He had done as he pleased to his creature, and he delighted in the glory he had given her.
As for her, well, her pride was her devil, her little black book of tricks and secrets.
And Jacob went away to look for him.
And when he came back, he found that Rachel had moved into the house; her husband was staying with her. He called Rachel over to him, and seated her on the floor between his two legs. She was lovely. Long red hair, golden eyes, clear blue eyes, full soft lips, and a lovely delicate upturned mouth. She was also muscular; and she was handsome. She knew a prince when she saw one. And she was obedient: she came when he called her, and sat when he called her.
And here is how it happened.
Leah was taken to a shop; her wrists were bound to a bedpost; her ankles were also.
She had promised to serve him-this was her second vow.
She had promised to serve his wife: this was her first.
He washed her face and hair, and gave her body to him completely.
He cleaned her wounds.
He adjusted her clothes to her rough surroundings.
She had promised to serve his company for seven years, she thought-but she would serve them only for one month.
And when the LORD saw that she was a wife, he stood over her, and struck her across her right cheek, and she was frightened.
And when the LORD saw that Leah was a wife, he stood over her, and struck her across the right cheek, and she was afraid.
And when the LORD saw that she was a widow, he walked between her legs and blew on her bare pussy, and on her mother's milk flowing out of her womb, and on her mother's milk flowing from her breasts; and he blew on her milk flowing out of her bosom, and on her right cheek.
And when the queen heard that her lord was displeased with the punishment she was giving, she rose up and was about to be taken from between the queen's legs, when Lota heard the words of the woman's lips.
'My precious little one,' the queen said, 'I will give you only one more week, and then I will take you to my camp and have you work it over with my slaves. But you must not cum in heat; never touch that little pad on a blackboard.' And Lota answered, 'Yes, Queen.' And the queen rode her out, taking her into her arms and carrying her to the pleasureland of the spanking bench.
And the LORD said unto her, Ye are a most beautiful woman; for you have had a virgin's womb: and you shall bear a son for evermore.
And the LORD spake unto him, If thou wilt take unto him the property of another man, how shall I punish thee?
She gave to the thing of property; yea, even her heart.
And the LORD said unto her, Take to him first the property of another man; and sell the girl of Haran.
She took to him; and he sold her to the Lord.
And the LORD said unto her, Take unto him also the property of the girl you captured this night; and sell her to the Lord your servant shall be at your hand from this day to infinity.
And the LORD said unto her, What shall I do with the slave, which shall be the prize of this night?
She said, Let the young man be at my side; let him comfort and train me.
And the next morning she went out to meet him. And the next day her visit was but a glimpse of what he had to offer, as her escort and hostess knew; and she thought that it was no more than she could endure. But suddenly Leah saw him at work. She had gathered herself, and was standing in the hall. He was married, the linchpin of the case. And he looked at her. And she knew that he was displeased. For he was short, for he wanted to show her her most of his body.
And God wrought many other things for Leah.
And then Leah said, Let us go home.
And she was taken in a embrace by her mother and father and her stepfather; and her stepmother said, Let us travel to our new home in the hills. And they both swore that she would be their house slave forever. And they both loved her.
And they both loved her dearly.
Chapter 2: Traveling with Leah
Leah's Mother was a Propriety
Born in Kent, England, Leah's parents were both traders. Leah's mother was a car dealer.
And Laban said, Give me a ring or chain, and I will take it away from my neck, and I will return unto mine own house: and of one thousand pieces of silver I will buy one poor, needy, blissful virgin among the flock.
And he went to his place with a thousand pieces of silver.
And when he return'd unto his house, he fell to the floor before her, and stroked his hand over his face, and kissed her heart.
And after their visit to his farm, they spent the night time together.
They were both in the dungeon, each in their own room, the images of their favours, their arms warmed by the flame of their lusts, their lovely young bodies exposed to the white hot flames of passion, and their fur lined and tied as though their lives depended on it.
They had come to enjoy themselves, both of them very much. Eve was entranced by the sensuousness of it all, while Rachel had succumbed to the demon possessed dreams of the past and was addicted to the sexual tension that fights in the souls of men and dogs.
When they had both come out of their euphoria, and were lightheaded with need, they went in for the evening.
And Jacob kept a certain seal of good linen, which he wore on his part for this purpose; and he used the linen for every thing.
And as for the quality of the lamb's blood, Jacob had brought with him the lambs which had been cast into the troughs.
He used white, clean sores in the place of the lambs' umbilical cords, and broke all the sores away, which he fed the lambs.
And when the quantity of blood grew great in the flock, Jacob divided the heart, and gave it to Laban.
And Laban kept many coats of blood at the command of his Master; and he wore the seal of the golden skin upon his heart; and the lambs were clean of the sores, and the chaffers had the yellowish tint upon them, from the heat of the blood.
And Laban slit the heart from Lambskin; and the halves he made were of soft leather, of good horn, and when he perfumed his own loins for the supper, he took the leather, and rubbed it into his own body.
He applied it to Lambskin wrapped in a silk scarf, which he wrapped around his two heaving breasts, and also to the back of his neck, where his body was covered with a soft cotton jersey, which he slipped over his head, and with the back of his hands, he gave himself the sensation of a fronted loins.
And when he was through, Laban used his fingers to open the sheep's woolen panties; and he used his thumb to lift and set the lambs upon the table.
And Rachel returned and stood before her.
And Laban his countenance was as one of anger: Yea, and her eyes as also her tongue were like the fire of hell: Yea, and her thigh as I have been given, and the of her fangs as I also have been made an offender unto her flesh.
But Rachel remained humble as this little shit upon his belly was revealed to her: and she answered, Yea.
And Laban said, Yea.
And Rachel said unto Laban, Give her the asses, and I shall eat them.
And Laban said, In two words: Eat.
And Rachel did as she was bid.
And Laban sat down upon the ground before her, and took her naked ass in his mouth; and he kissed her deeply, and her tenderly on the mouth, and firmly, and kept on kissing.
And Laban rose, and was at liberty to cast his net.
Rachel stood and went to the pulley, and pulled the cord which was hanging in the air.
She approached the pulley, and knelt down, and pulled it as high as it would go; and she raised it until her hands were at the top, and her feet were on the ground.
Then she lowered herself, and raised the pulley till she was on the same height with her body, and waited.
"Jacob!" She called out. "Come, O Jacob! Come, we must set up somewhere.
And when he came to it, he looked upon the scene before him. There was an ass in the middle of the far pasture, there were daubs of blood on the ground; in the distance yon clouds of silver smoke; in the distance on a hill were several peasant's houses; in the distance on which were carved the names of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Elisabeth; in the distance came the sound of silver bullets echoing against the walls. And the angel of the lord stood in the center of the circle.
Jacob looked at Rachel, and smiled; then he looked at the angel of the lord, and smiled also. And Jacob knew the fate of Rachel as it were. His thoughts turned to the question; How long would it be before the question was asked by his new friends again? He wondered how long he could carry on in front of his Mistress and the angel of the lord; here was the opportunity to prove to the villagers that he was worthy of their love as his own. He nodded in the direction of the courtyard door, and after careful consideration, he ushered Rachel inside the courtyard.
And Laban spoke, And what dost thou say to Jacob? ask him.
And Jacob speaketh evil of thee: he would have thee for his own. And Laban said unto Jacob, That which doth thee harm shall ye also do to thyself.
Jacob answered, Yea.
Then did Jacob speak, That which doth thee hurt shall ye also do to thyself.
And Laban said, Give me your hands one at a time, and let me make a mark upon thee.
And Jacob made a mark upon Leah; and he dyed his hand a mark of the four winds.
And it was so, from that day to this; since then, that Rachel has worn the cuffs for Laban, that is, for seven months. And now her stake, which was upon the camel's ass when this happened, is made of soft leather, and the girls call it their "roving collar". Today, the girls call it "little collar".
And here in the park, named for Jacob and Rachel respectively.
Now, it is time to pay the price.
Laban, being the tough young thing he was, had to carry the weight. Rachel, being the driven, experienced and accomplished woman she was, had to support the weight. And the Lords know, the lady of the lake was watching on her knees.
And Deborah lifted up the stone, and set it on the platform at the top of the platform.
And Laban took his cup, and offered it to Rachel; and after she had taken it, he stooped down and kissed her, and dipped the cap of the cup into her mouth.
And again he kissed her, and dipped the disc into her mouth, and into her cunt.
And Rachel offered her own cup to Laban.
And it was the third time that day that Deborah had to take her part in this holy service.
Lifting the cup to her mouth, it was dripping down her thighs. And all that night, since then had been spent in the art of love making in this holy place, kissing Rachel and licking her love juices off of her body.
On the way home, the locks of her crimson hair lay about her.
And Laban said, Hath the earth ever fed this many animals?
Yes; but the milk of sheep, goats, and swine, were the only things they drank.
And Laban struck with the riding crop.
The children of the earth are my creatures; of the air the sun never gives them but their breath, of the water there is nothing except death, and the worms they feed on my land.
And Laban struck the ground with it.
He who sitteth upon the earth, he who maketh the pillars of the earth, and of the stones throw upon the earth, hath no part in the earth; for he who sitteth upon the moon shall perish there, and he who maketh the rocks the earth and the earth shall drink of the moon.
And now the worm was up in her womb, and the sun was shining down upon the bed.
Jacob awoke; then he called her to him.
So Jacob returned to his place, and bowed his head before his father.
And Laban spake three times, saying, We will go to thy city, to the court of the brother king: If thou wilt let us stay, we will abide by the terms of this agreement.
But if the price is that we must give up our rights, in the name of our father, that is what we will accept.
And Laban's price was agreed upon.
So Jacob set out from Nod, with his two boys and Laban behind him. He halted at the port of Melia: there were only five slaves there, and they were to follow Laban wherever he took them.
And they came to Laban, and said, Let us go to Dara's court. So Laban led the way, and they went to the court.
And deliver them to the beast in the cave of the nights delighting.
And he watched as Esau went to the hand of his brother; and he was anxious to have him come to him.
When he heard of the large number of ewes that were with him, he was terrified; for he had never before seen so many.
But when he came to the hand of his brother, he knelt down and kissed his brother's ear, and offered him a drink; and the night was spent in sharing the tears that fell, and by Esau's tears, Jacob brightened.
When they emerged from the cave, Jacob excitedly offered to buy them all drinks. Esau refused, saying that he only had one wish, to be taken to the river, and there he would find the girl he was after. Jacob took the goat's head for himself, and declared that he would take her to the river and have her as his. He led Esau to the bank of the river; and just as he was about to cross the river, he heard a boat's sternly sound, and knew that it was no longer for him to say farewell to the girls.
And with a bang, he was behind the car, and both his hands were over the steering wheel; his heart was on fire, and his soul leaped out of his body.
When the car started, his hand moved to the door and removed the key from his person. Then his eyes moved to Esau, and his soul leaped into it.
He held onto the car's wheel well, feeling for the bulge there. He clung to Esau's body as he jumped out, feeling his heart's seize at the same moment. Then he felt Jacob's hands on the back of the car, trying to pull her into the street. She was tall, a thick thick male, and his frame was built, muscle and bone, perfect. And his eyes, soft green, were mischief.
So the servants went and entered, and the Prince was there in full glory.
And the foremen went to the top of the tower and the occupants took the first step down on the knoll; and the water was purplish in color and looked like the pond of an ocean.
And the men scooped the female out, and the men laid her on her stomach and face the flogger, and the men caressed her.
And the foreman said, What is the use of contraceptives if the Prince is unable to produce offspring? and the woman answered, He can; he has been in this town long enough to know that without a man to father children, the town will become insolvent.
And the foreman said, Let us see how well she will obey. and the woman was taken down; her hands at her sides and her eyes lowered.
And the foreman went up to the lever; and Jacob was informed that the flogger had been chosen.
And Esau kissed the handmaidens, and their children: and they wept.
Eternal night and day, for ever in the heavens above.
And then Esau went to the servants and their wives, and offered them his blood, and they consumed his flesh.
And as the blood poured from Esau, Leah looked on his face, and cried.
This is my girl: I have never killed anyone who has, except with my own hand.
Because this is my first story, and I hope I will please you.
Mine is from the land of the living.
This is from the land of the dead.
And Jacob went to meet his lord.
And after the meeting, Esau is there in the park, with Leah and their two young dozing in his arms.
He led the way to the lodge, and when the ladies decided that they should go, Jacob and Leah and Joseph and Leanne followed.
They had all put on their clothes, and were in the lodge, eating the breakfast that Esau had prepared for them.
And then Jacob asked, what is your opinion, my lord? And Leah answered, We are men. And when Jacob had said it, Leanne went and said, Yea.
And then they all said, Amen.
He inflicted the skin lesions on her calves, and on her breasts. He also took the ear lobes, and the ring between them, which is a membrane that protects the auditory nerve, and he did the same with the other two.
Dinah was so horribly ill that she had to be carried to a hospital, and there, she had to stay for three days.
And when the third day came, she came out dressed in sackcloth and hemp clothes, that Jacob laid for her after the manner of men.
"I will not sell my soul to you, little one. Do you understand?" said Jacob.
"Yes, Jacob," she whispered.
And Hamor agreed to all that they asked: He would furnish them with provisions, and they would furnish them with that.
And at the invitation of the damsel, Jacob went into the fields, and Pliny the Younger went into the forests, and the boys went into the hills, and the girl went into the river.
And as they were going upriver, a woman gave them drink-water, and the man, the boy used his hands to help the girl, and he and the damsel went together.
And when the damsel went into the woods, Jacob's heart was swell'd with joy; for he knew that she was a witch, and she must be stopped.
And as they were going upriver, and they were neighing in the wind, Jacob rested, and the boys chased a little around in the canyons, and they came upon a little spring, and they climbed in.
And when the girl went into the canyons, Jacob got under the rails and hid, and when he came out he heard that there was a horse and another pony in the field.
And the damsel gave him drink-water, and Jacob returned to the boy, and after she had stopped he helped her out of the buggy, and they rode the horse to a small piece of land, and the girl sat down on the ground, and the damsel helped her to the horse, and they rode in the horse, and then the boy came up and took her place behind the horse, and the ride went on like other horses.
But when they came to the grassy meadow, Jacob looked around; and there was a small clearing, and a very pretty silk screen, and a cabin!
They went to Dinah, and Dinah went to Oskar.
And when Oskar came to the gate he thrust out his tongue, and Shechem took her by the hair and flew to the other gate.
While Dinah was enjoying the ride, she had climbed up on the window sill on top of her head.
And when she saw the gleam of the flag, she fell to the ground, and lay there in her vulnerability, her heart to the wind.
Oskar had two sons: one a farmer, the other a lawyer.
Dinah and Shamsullah were naturally a match. There was only one problem.
Shechem's parents were both killed in the fighting in their parents' homeland.
Hagar was the last person in Shechem that day; on the third day, his wife Rachel was with them.
Hagar was a man of God. The name was beautiful in Shechem. Seven years old, mother of three, a regular submissive that whenever he entered a women's room, he would immediately roll over and kneel in silence, and offer his hands to her, if she would only allow him to have her. He had learned so much in those years, and would do anything for the love of his women. And it was with a long sigh that he entered the ladies' room, and found Dinah, his wife, and Rachel, naked, sitting at the dining table, and no other word could come from him. Over dinner, he began to speak of his day. "Dinah, this is my slave.
And Bethel came to dwell in the city, and many there entered the city to behold the scene which was before them.
And it came to pass that when I had made my sacrifice, the blood of my blood flowed as it did upon the white ground: and the city was stirred with the living of my Lord.
And Jacob said unto me, Verily I was well pleased with thee; for thou hast learned well the ways of the land.
And I said unto Jacob, Verily I was also pleased with thee; for thou hast learn'd well the ways of the land.
And I go to Bethel in the morning, and dwelleth there in the valley of the Jordan: and in the evening I call upon my slave Sara; and upon her I will offer sacrifice.
And Sara will come upon the scene of my murder; and she will find my sword the same way she found the body of my Lord's sword; and she will find the spot where my bloodied hands lay at the foot of my bed.
And Sara will utter the words, which my Lord spoke unto her when she came into the room: Verily I was ready; and I was ready.
And Sara came to me, and took the crimson scarlet dress, which my Lord had given her; and stood by the bed, in the order in which He had placed her, and said, Hast thou come yet.
And to thy seed shall be given, in the land of Egypt.
And to my seed and to my property shall come the land of Egypt, for ever.
And Jacob said unto God, Ye may go no more with these, for I am weary and ill; my property gone to the stranger.
And God said unto him, Take back all of my property, for I will give you a hundred lashes according to the law of Betel: one for every hundred pounds of stolen property; one every second for every hundred dollars in unpaid wages; and one every third for every hundred dollars in unpaid wages; and one hundred lashes according to the first command given by my eyes and one hundred according to the second command given by my voice.
And take away my name from here, and call me by it: for I am the lord of the two races of mankind.
And Jacob took Debby's hand, and walked in the land of Canaan.
Debby cried: But I will call you Lord J: the two peoples belong to me.
Jacob laid his hand on Debby's shoulder, and smiled: The stranger has pleased me.
When Rachel was asked, she revealed unto her maid, that she was going to be tested with her pussy this evening.
And the maid said, We will see.
And after the test, they shall see how willing they are: and then they shall see if they are indeed fit for husband and wife.
And behold! a new trick was introduced into play this evening.
A woman is now in charge, and it is she who is in control.
After the test, the wife shall sign the deed of sale, and with the consent of the husband, set the bride free.
And that is why this evening is so fascinating.
And Isaac begat Jacob, which was born unto him in the city of Arbah, on the thirteenth day of Sha'ban.
And Jacob was the firstborn of Jacob and the oldest of all his brethren.
And he reared his head: and his mother was Immanuel: and she reared her eyes: and she sat down in her seat: and she was called Melchior.
And she was also Ebion's property.
And she was love's toy.
And she was in love's grip.
And Isaac's mouth moved over Rachel's body, and he suckled her.
And he touched not only her breast, but Rachel's neck, and her breast, and her neck, and her breasts.
And Esau lived in the land of Elam for over nine miles.
Now when Nathaniel heard that his brother was come home from the field he ran to his aid, and he fought against the Moabites; but in the end the Moabites won.
And Nathaniel learned another lesson in the lands of Israel and his brother.
He was an honest man, and his brother was an honest man.
He paid his debts, and came back to his brother with the knowledge of what he had unknowingly done.
He came back to his brothers house and told of his success; and they both were proud.
Back in the year 2016 the year anniversary of their journey through the lands of Canaan and Eritrea, Nathaniel shoos away from the women who surrounded him, and he purposely turns to the women and asks them to come with him. He can feel their eyes riveted to him, his back stiffens, and a small smile of satisfaction crosses his lips.
And Esau took Adah, and his brethren, their wives and their daughters; their cattle and all their stuff; their silver and gold; their habitations and their tents; their camels and their horses; their livestock and their beasts; their silver and gold crops; their livestock and all their implements of husbandry; and their girls and their maids; their boys and their maidens; their tools of trade and every thing in their trade; and their implements of warfare; and their trophies and their apparel; and to every thing in their power; and they brought forth many trophies from the woods and the fields that they fields; and distributed them to many people throughout the land.
And Esau had done them harm.
He had brought disgrace to their people by making them enemies.
He had made them the conquerors of whole nations.
And now he was done.
He had brought shame to his people by making them their slaves.
And now they laid him on the ground, and took turns to shackle his people; and they sold him to the nations for human consumption.
He was nothing more than a piece of property that they had to work to keep alive.
These are the ones that sought power, and sought to seduce the beautiful young women of the land,
And the sons of Seir were nothing: They were men, boys, and their life was on the rocks.
For months they went out in all their splendor at the games that were held in the towns and cities;
And they would gather there in the green meadows and on the hills,
Where the birds of the trees danced and the wild flowers were.
And they would walk the streets and alleys and around the corners,
Somewhere that they had never traveled
On horseback or on foot.
They would stop to drink beer and play hide-and-seek at the taverns and the playing fields;
And they would sit on the stones and weep.
At the shrubby little cottage that Yuki had visited, they would read in the little tableau what she had written:
"She comes to visit me once in a while....
These are the men that came of the land of Edom in the bear-trailing fight to the death at the mouth of the Nile:
These are the sons of Ophir; duke Lotan son of Ophir; duke Shobal son of Shura; and duke Zibeon son of Zibeon.
These are the men that went up against the Egyptians in the Bear-Taming Fight:
These are the men that rose to the challenge laid by their father on his Golden Crooked Heights.
These are the brave warriors that laid the golden chain as the cords of the golden chain wound through their hands and over the shoulders of their Master the blacksmith.
These are the men that laid the golden bow on the blacksmith's shoulder, for he forged the cord and he who holds the golden bow, for he, who builds the golden bow.
These are the brave warriors who fell at the feet of their Master the Blacksmith;
These are the men that paid with their lives for the possession of this prize.
These are the men that stood before the Mound of the Gods when he was not in the Misty Mountains.
These are the warrior's who dressed in sackcloth and hemp clothes and walked the earth in his honor;
These are the warriors who in the circles and in the hallways and in the fields and on the hills were ever ready to ride the tiger or to ride the sheep.
These are the brave warriors who waited with eager anticipation of the evil That would soon befall them.
And Baalhanan the son of Berel, the son of Elah, and the son of Hilkah, son of Omer, son of Theophilus, son of Mertegon, son of Berel, son of Melkaz, son of Guraf, son of Arachor, son of Sekhuti, son of Masaram, son of Syag, son of Shaan, son of Amon, son of Uzziah, son of Uzziah the son of Uzziah, son of Anah, son of Joram, son of Elah, son of Eshon, son of Asura, son of Ammon, son of Omer, son of Manasseh, son of Elah, son of Zerah, son of Beth Medei, son of Shajar, son of Banu, son of Uzziah, son of Shams, son of Ishmael, son of Banias, son of Ishmael, son of Elah, son of Manasseh, son of Inam, son of Asura, son of Manasseh, son of Eshon, son of Ishmael, son of Beth, son of Shams, son of Aman, son of Banias, son of Joram, son of Ishmael, son of Aman, son of Merak, son of Shalman,
And on the following day, as the morning drew near, the servants came to her door. She opened it, and several people came in. The chief among them were her maid servants, dressed in their maid garters. The maids wanted to make her cum, and she had not even told them yet. When the servants saw her naked, they all started to groan. Then one of the maids came and took off her uniform and tossed it to the floor. After she did that, the other maid came and tossed clothes onto her servants before she herself came and stood in front of her and started to cry. When the maids saw the naked woman, they were all wet, and felt rather dirty, in fact.
He had known Meekah before the flood; and when the flood had come, Noah took him in his arms, and nursed him tenderly in his arms. The Richards family belonged to the same house as his grandmother, although her husband had migrated years before; and their three daughters were all living in the same house as his father. The house was of fine carved glass, and the floor glassed in the winter months, and carved glass in the summer months. The floor glassed in marble; the kitchen and dining room glassed in built stone: the bath-tub-like sink, with its hand-carved wooden finisher, and of course with its marble basin inlaid with rhinestone, and its "cathedral" style of operation; fastened to the arm of the bath, with its hand-carved wooden posts, the victuals basin, steel-tipped, quartzite, with its water and light fittings. It was in the nature of these decadent features that his wife Istitha came to live with him. Jacob had completed his slave for life, although she was only 21 years old: an animal of immense size, and temperament; sensitive and abounding with sexual desire. In her college years she had begun a journey to America to learn the art of Unzipping, and had taken a job as the groomer for the president's limousine. In the spring of her senior year she had taken an intense Quarterly course, and had gained much merit.
He who dreams and tells lies to his brothers shall surely be subject to the judgment.
And Jacob slept, and his dream was of no consequence.
And sometime between the time that he dreamed and awoke, his father fell asleep and he awoke.
He looked upon his beautiful daughter, clad in her wedding dress, and he smiled; and from that day forward, his eyes fell upon her whenever he was away from home.
And now his eye fell upon her beauty on the coverlet. He had often smiled upon her; but this was the first time that he had felt the eyes of a stranger upon his.
He looked upon her cunt, and he watched as her lips slowly parted; and then she moistened; and then his smacked! His heart lept up with excitement as his cock began to throb and his cock twitched; and his father smiled with pleasure.
And Joseph was troubled with a deep longing to touch the dust in the dust.
But his mother was with him, and they said one to the other, It is better for him that way. For, behold, this dreamer cometh not of dreams, but of blood. And Joseph said, I beg of thee, for I have slain the man that I slew with the stroke of the hand. And their mother stood on a rock, and they said, Help me, help me! for Joseph is my only son; and though the deed is done, he is not worthy of her; yet he is her son, and he would protect her and love her and care for her. Be it done, O God of Jacob! For if Joseph had slain him, he would have been left with only one son, but he did the deed.
And the company came to Shechem: and Reuben went before them, and the company was upon him.
And Reuben felt the balm on his face; and his skin was sweet in the sense of the word.
And Judah saw a man coming from the pit of the pit, and Reuben went after him, and they took him; and his flesh was no more: his body was thrown about as he was thrown into the pit, for a while he was lost in the visions and sensations of the thing, until he felt the tongue and teeth of a serpent, upon his neck, and from within those teeth came a tongue, and suck the blood from him, and draw it out of him; and he was no more.
He fell into a deep sleep, his thoughts wandered, as he listened to the company still going down to the well; and in the pit of his stomach, he felt something that he had not felt in a long time, and his whole body was aroused.
And he was not in the well – he should have passed out.
He lay there in the dark with his thoughts a-wonderful; and when the company came back up, and he heard their footsteps go back out into the garden, he was asleep.
But when his heart was at rest, he felt his arms being withdrawn from the arms-restraint, and he was turned to the side of the bed, and his head was still rolling, his hands were moved out from under the covers, and he heard the chains being slipped around his wrist, and then he was fastened to a branch, and his arms were pulled around his back, and his head was pushed off the side of the bed, and he felt the teeth of the whip brushing against his flesh, and the chain was pulled, and he heard the beeping of the chains, as they were chained to the bedpost.
And Jacob went down into the grave.
Now when their son was come to the pit, his father bade Joseph to lead him up the path to the spring; and Jacob led Joseph up the path into the meadow.
And Jacob's mother was there, sucking and nibbling on her childrens nipples until Joseph complained; and she ordered her to the ground.
And Jacob was sad; he had won his battle and he looked down from his hill to the ground, and spent the night in seclusion.
But he was happy, for when his father saw the gleam of blood on his childrens' breasts, he was pleased; and his mother became so also.
And when her son saw the prize of silver and the splinters of battle on his children's backs, he was filled with joy.
He made Joseph its owner; and he trained him to serve her.
And when the demon's strength was in them, and he had learned their ways, Jacob was able to use them.
The Midianites too, when their son Rafael grew to man, fled to the wilderness, where they had Shazad, their chieftain, and his brother Qaraad.
They also had a daughter named Becca.
So the place was desolate, even the WOMEN who stayed to fight for their land.
The LORD had so much to say to the MEN, that he had to be carried to the sea.
And when the time came for the men to assemble in one place, they went upriver to the falls, and there they encircled and fed on the fresh blood that flowed there.
And when the time came for the women to assemble in another place, they placed their daughters in the leading edge of the falls, and their sons in the corners and corners of the fall.
And when the time came for the men to assemble in a place where there was mingled rape and death, they all assembled there; and the man who held the whip first cut the dresses from their women, and the other, the woman bearing the child, was forced to wear a garment which covered her from head to feet.
And when the man who held the whip first struck the girl, her body moved with the rhythm of the beating.
He therefore knocked at her door; and there was no reply.
Then Judah said to Timnath, Be it over now.
And Timnath said, Yes.
And before she could speak another word, a messenger came knocking at her door; and the messenger said, My daughter of Dan, grandson of Noah and Joanna's maid, enter the house.
And she entered, and shut the door behind her.
And the messenger went to her bedside and looked at her beautiful face.
And the messenger said unto her, Look at this beautiful young woman; her hands are light and her frame small.
And the messenger began to take away her clothes with the little finger of one hand, and with the other hand, brought down a stunning blow, which struck her cheek hard.
But she came back, and said, Let him join us; and so she took him. And when the door was shut on his entrance, she threw the key onto the table; and as she opened the door, she was surprised to see Judah with his arm framed in front of his host, and Tamar standing beside him, kissing his coat.
Then he said to Tamara, We are not so chummy ladies. as she turned to him, and said, I am your mother's guests; and they entered the house.
And she kissed him. And they all went into the sitting room.
And Jamie called her parents, and told them she had to be at school in ten days. And also, as she was her own age, she would be 18.
And Joseph's slave girl, a beautiful young girl, that had come to call, was told, that she was to wear a scarlet dress, and be cursed with ten lashes, on top of the whip.
And she was told what to do.
And then came the night of the assault.
And as the sun was going down, and the moon was full, and the clouds were moving in the sky, Pharaoh's servant, that had been with her at the time of the assault, went to her house, and drank her blood.
And when she came out of her house, she looked upon the courtyard, and marveled at the scene that had become of her.
And when the sun was down, and the sky had become a twilight, then Pharaoh's servant, went to her house, and drank her soul.
And when her spirit had been displaced by the blackness that enveloped her, he went back to the forces of darkness.
But when he returned, he came back with a great helm adorned with golden rings, and carried with golden chains the seals of the Princes of Darkness.
And when his mistress saw this, she fell at his feet, and kissed him, and left the house before she came.
And Joseph came, and stood before his mistress' feet; and when his penis was soft, she touched him. He was naked, except for a scarlet gown, which her hand had covered with a scarlet silk cloth; and when she had kissed him, she had tasted his lips, and felt his sated purple. And he was pleased at this.
And it came to pass after all this, that while he was standing before her, she laid a cloth upon her head, which when she looked upon, it was so light as to be seen through; and this was a cloth which her mistress worn when she came into the house on foot.
And it came to pass during this time, that Joseph also came, and stood before the foot of the Lord, and when she looked upon him, she had the devilish intention of drawing her into the presence of the Lord.
And it came to pass, that he took her into his arms, and carried her to the top of the house; and there he fastened her hands to the beams, and he fastened her feet to the bottom posts.
And it came to pass, that while she was being carried, Joseph laid out his trousers; and he carried her up and down, until at last he stood in front of her.
And I spake unto him, saying, Verily I did promise my lord that I would do this for him; and he was pleased with me. And she smiled, and said, Verily I do enjoy the sight of this lewd person. And her light cheek gleamed against his cloak of shadow. And Joseph wordlessly went to and knelt before her, and took her hand, and kissed her.
And when the Hebrew went to and knelt before Joseph, and also lifted the veil from her cheek, she gave him his morning greeting.
And the morning air was upon them like a breezes blast; and the morning sun was setting amidst a cloudless sky.
And Joseph lowered his eyes to her, and her hand placed under his chin.
He said, Look upon my hand, girl; it is the token of my respect.
And he sent messengers to both of them, and commanded them to appear at his court that very day; and he would hear the reasons for their being imprisoned that day.
And they did appear, and the court was glad, because it was a Thursday, and the prisoners were on a feast.
And the butler was given leave to have the court sit through the night, while he and his bride went out for the revelry.
And on the morning of the third day, the butler appeared before the court, and inquired after the reasons for the absence of Mary this day.
And Pharaoh ordered that she be with her this day, and he walked her to the place, where he had placed her in the cart with the four horse drawn carts already in motion.
And when he entered the hall, he beheld the vision of his dear Mary, kneeling before the pedestal with the chains and stirrups around her body, silently, with hands on her thighs and around her breasts, and with a blindfold on.
And the butler spoke, and he told of the vision.
And the prisoner's voice among the sounds of the other noises that he heard this day, which was of mingled joy and sorrow.
And one of them asked, which of the grapes should we choose?
And Joseph said unto her, Unto the tree, that is to say, into the hollow;
And when her branches shall have shoots, we shall have to say, which of the grapes shall we choose?
And the baker said to her, Have you chosen which of the grapes?
And Joseph chose the ripe, and sat in the hollow;
And when they had spoken, they rose, and went up into the tree, and there he was;
Hearing the dream, and looking down, and hearkening unto it.
And the night was cool, and the wind blew the leaves away, as the wind traveled along the tree, and paled among the frost giants.
And down in the hollow were hidden many secrets, he knew many things.
And as the frost giants talked, and the fallen leaf rolled away, he looked upon the earth, and wondered into his soul.
And when he was in the hollow, and picked up the fallen, his soul was cast down to the earth.
But within three days the baker shall have drawn nimrod, and shall have given me my dessert: a princess: and I shall call this new cake mine. And when the other guests have arrived, I shall have the baskets taken away from the chamber, and my black cloak placed upon me.
But for the fear that the guests might accuse me of mischief, and take away my cloak, I will stand aside while he draws his ingredients, and prepare my body for the humbleness.
And when the food is prepared, and the guests come, my knees will be sore, and my eyes will be runneth over by hungry, sucking mouths;
but I will not be interrupted, for the consideration of the food, or my dessert, will be due.
For this is how the Good Egyptian eats: With hands and a voice of reason; a delicate touch, made highly of experience. And I, the food.
For this is how the Good Egyptian eats: With a soft, yet firm grasp, a spice leaves, mild but flavorful, and linger over the taste of the food.
For this is how the Good Egyptian eats.
And Joseph said unto Joseph, I feel the same in mine eyes.
And he answered, Thou art mine: and, upon the three kines, he swatted the three times with the riding crop.
But the chief butler didn’t lose a drop; he cried, and with wine he drank; and Joseph watched, and waited.
It was some time before the kines were let loose; and Joseph bore the brunt of the first blow.
But soon after, the second blow, which had a stronger bite than the first, Joseph said to Joseph, Let her feed on thee; for what man in his right way would want to go to the lions in the zoo tonight. And so did he.
And again and again Joseph fed on her until she went kitty on her bollocks. And again and again the chief butler fed on her and would lick the cut-up clothespins out of her cunt and her shoulder blades of her dresses and knicker.
So many times did the wind and the stars and the soft rain go together that night; that day seemingly forgotten.
But in the end, he who was the sun and the moon and the stars, came to the end of the day.
And to day, all days, ever after.
Pharaoh awoke, and could not control his jealousy; nor himself; for although he was sleepy he was extremely tired. And when his servants went to the command stage they were given drink, which caused them to make new arrangements with their families. And often, a personal part, to carry out the instructions given by the guests in the other rooms.
And then the dish was put back into the table and the second dish given to the cook, and the guests tendered again.
Once the preparations were made and the food had been laid out, the wine, the children's toys and the adult toys, and the time for the first dinner was arrived for the guests.
And, behold, the five Musketeers hiked and slithered and congregated together, to the song of the musketeers.
And Pharaoh sat down between the two Musketeers, and, looking upon the strange sight of the deformed, meagre crowd, he decided what course of action he would take.
He asked the Musketeers were they to be found, and they took Joseph, the aged buck, and four cubs; and he told the others, We will take them: and, upon the terms of the peace, they took the girls.
And Joseph, the aged bull terrier and hound of the Musketeers, led the charge.
He had been selected from amongst the spoilt lambs by the Arabians for their use; and he galloped before them, bearing the signs of the peace, but the barbaric look in his eyes, of war; and so they took him.
And Joseph, the captivated young girl led the way to an exotic mansion on the hill; where she was directed to strip; and she began to take off her clothes in front of the vastly experienced man.
And at first her heart swelled with pride at leading the way; and she was moved to walk the thin strip over the shimmering water of the pools, until suddenly the water swept her away.
She had run the gauntlet of the three Musketeers; she had passed the eye-water test, and was the most beautiful woman in the world.
But the good little earner is spared, that is, until Joseph Comes and titties her bare bum.
Whereupon the Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Feed the poor little earner.
And Joseph And Lucy swiftlyened to her feet, and she leaned over to him; and Joseph Lougheed to her; and, behold, her sex was as lovely as a rose:
And the magicians began to play with Lucy's sex, slowly: It was a horrible thing, a queer perversion of the natural woman: Their hands felt the shaft of Lucy, but their tongues could not bring her to orgasm: Their partners moved slowly against her body, until she lay panting and moaning. And when they had worked around her pussy, tongues came from her chin, and from her mouth. And a sweet fragrance came from the belly; and the magicians knelt at her feet and began to suck on them. And a sweet, fragrant kiss soon followed from her nostrils. And Lucy could feel the nose of the magicians, which was behind her, touch her sex. And her arching back, was witness unto her Master as they kissed, their noses moving, their lips meeting, his tongue exploring, and his ears following.
For this they shall find plenty of food in the gardens of the land: but beware, in winter months it is many things in this land that freeze the loins:
And now the thing that they must do, that all these fear and pains and deaths do;
is for the Lord of hosts to reveal unto them.
For where the eye of the gods cannot look is there upon the earth:
And here the soul of the wisest and dearest of men dwells among them.
Chapter 4. The Phoenix and the Raven
The night it groweth was a deadly one, for soon the sun began to melt the dead wax of the temple and the night grew cold as night falls; and in the morning they shall find many things in the desert that freeze the blood.
For when the sun went down in the morning the riotous brightness of the evening's show began to grow black; and in the later hours of the night a spell of terror and terrible pain broke out in the temple.
For thousands of years these strange visitors have puzzled Egyptologists; and many of their theories revolved round the question of how long they could go, what the implications were of such behaviour.
Dr Sarah Harding, who was visiting Egypt as a Fulbright fellow, gave a talk at the Royal Society of London in Cambridge in which she speculated as to how they might have come to stay.
The Magi, she said, were 'gifted' with the souls of the very dead; and were therefore able to witness and hear the humanity of these people.
And Joseph was the strongest of all the officials there.
So when the times came for the assembly of the people to go on a caravan to the Red Sea in their boats, Joseph was the one who made the rounds.
He summoned the officials one by one, and carefully lead them to the place.
He informed the people of the new caravans, and what they were to do.
And when the officials were assembled near the caravan, Joseph said, Let us now assemble the people at the Red Sea.
And so they did, they and their entourage were bundled into small boats, and off they went in small groups.
The people were terribly anxious to get there, and the delay would be their greatest enemy.
They had to sit and wait however, for far too long now.
And his second son: For God, said Joseph, has made me his.
And he begat a daughter; and she was Manasseh the daughter of Pelech.
And Manasseh was a wife; and the third daughter of Pelech.
And Manasseh used to pleasure her father when she came into the court.
And she always dwelt with her father.
And she was the one who was at the feast when the king and his retinue were enjoying themselves.
When the retinues were served and the king had eaten; and when the king had drunk; and when the king had been uncontrollably hungry.
And Manasseh said unto her, Be lie most welcome.
And Jacob went back and looked for the girl.
And as he came nigh unto her, he spied her beauty, naked and lovely.
And her eyes were like the clouds on the mountains, and her hair soft and flowing.
She was cool, so that Jacob could melt in her heat; and her breath so that he might melt in hers.
He spied her calling in the trees, where the wind blew softly on the mountains.
And when Jacob came upon her, his eyes fell upon her lustrous body.
And his tongue came up between her legs, and he sucked upon her urethra.
And as he did so, her body began to tremble, and he felt his cock swell against him.
And he was satisfied with his clothes, whereupon he said unto them, Verily I do promise to clothe ourselves as you please.
And Joseph went to his lodging, and it was on the mountain top of the Sears Apartment; and he began to prepare his store.
8 AM. And Joseph stepped into the store. And he stood at the counter; and he looked at each and every one of the people that he was dealing with.
And as he was standing at the counter looking at each and every one of them, he felt his prick become rock hard.
He saw one woman, and he began to smile; and she spoke unto him, Then Joseph, take him into your mouth; he is my son.
And Joseph began to shiver.
For now go to the land of Canaan, and call upon the land's demon, and tell him what you are.
And they went and did so.
And upon the way back to the hotel they talked of old times and new times and were reminded of their temporary banishment, their temporary loss of dignity, and the terrible fate awaiting them if they should be caught, caught and banished from the land. *** Joseph and his companions had returned to their room, leaving Benjamin and Emily as the last guests unsupervised. *** They had talked in great detail of the details of the conversation; he had explained all, he had told them they were only the eyes of the land; that the memories of old times were not erased, but new times had intruded. They had heard much of the world from old friends and visitors and their memories of new places and times; but if there had been one, it was fear, the fear of what the people of this part of the world might do without knowledge of the unpredictable consequences of their words. If there had been two of them, one from the land of Canaan and the other from the city of Jericho, they would surely have joined forces and become what they were afraid of, what they wanted to be. But fear was all too mortal.
And after they had performed these labors, Joseph ordered the boys to be tested by the use of their new-found corn.
And they willingly, with more than a touch of guilt, passed all the rounds of the lab.
Joseph then commanded that they should give every man his due by her; which of them should be the first to come without the owner's consent, had an ass ass to hod, and was to have it licked by the first peacock if there were vices in him.
So Joseph took his cock in his hand, and penetrated the boy's ass, he pushed upward, and reached around to the back of the hood, he pushed back, and two more inches pushed into the boy's ass, and they began to slide in and out of the cock like a pair of sneakers.
Soon the shafts of both boys were a fountain, and their tails were a fountain too.
And their mouths were soon filled with water, as their tongues met in an intense fucking action.
You can watch for yourself, if you are so inclined.
And then Joseph pulled his cock out of their ass, and they said their goodbyes, and parted company.
And Jacob went to Jacob the baker's son, and asked him if he knew all these things; and the boy said, Yea, and offered his body as a sacrifice unto the earth for twenty lashes with whips and paddles and floggers and everything that is tool for tool.
And Jacob said, Yea, sir: and led the way into the bakery.
And as they came out of the bakery and walked into the house of Jacob the Beeliner, Jacob spoke to Reuben, and informed him of the situation, and said, I command you to be here by five o'clock at the latest, this is to be our last meeting before our marriage.
Reuben at five, thanked Jacob and his father for their hospitality, and off he went to meet his master.
At six Jacob walked into the house, and as the bakers were cooking, Reuben walked over to Jesse. Jesse walked up to Jacob and looked into his eyes, and spoke softly, "I command you to be here by six; if you leave now, tonight is your last night together. Do you obey me?"
"Yes, my lord," Jacob replied.
And the price shall be one-half of every slave that is sold in the land; and the price of that slave shall be two-thirds of every thing that his owner shall buy from us.
And Jacob's voice was soft as he prayed for the deliverance of his brother.
And they went down to the well: and Jacob sayeth, Verily I have sent bad into thy land: And forthwith they went down unto the well; and they drank of the well man's cum.
And they had drunk their fill; their father's wife's body was like the foam of the sea, it was as if the well had been a womb, and the woman was some kind of water woman.
And their father said unto them, Take her to us, boy.
And they took her to us; and Judah fastened her to the leather chair, and their father sat on the leather chair, and Benjamin was standing behind her, looking down at his newly released slave.
And after the meal, they went back to the well; and Jacob and his brother Ben looked at their father in disgust.
And their mother tongue was a constant, angry frown, as they wondered what was going to happen to their young, eager-to-be slave; and Benjamin was disgusted with his slave for not eating from her father's bowl.
For that, their mother will be very angry.
They set out for Jerusalem; the old fort still standing; the gates at the top of the old Castle, the Street of Cavalcade leading to the Circus Circus was the route. They halted for a few minutes, and then moved up onto the cobblestones; when they were within a few paces of the center of the circle, they stopped. With trembling hands, they raised the money by the corner of their hand. No sooner did the rain of guises stop, than they resumed, their eyes watching each other, as the excitement built within them. They raised their glasses again, and after a few glasses of the bubbly, they asked the passer-by, who was turning his head toward them to come forward so they could take a peek inside. He came forward; there was a middle-aged, fair-haired woman, slightly shorter than Deborah, wearing very little else but a pair of pink satin panties and a matching bra. The outline of her breasts was slightly larger than average and her nipples very erect.
But we had to be very careful of the men that were with us.
And the men said, We will not harm you; but rather, we will serve these men, and you shall serve us well.
And the man said, Be that as it may, I will accompany you.
And Joseph called Sarah and said, Be calm, and held her near the steward's body, And said, I want to see your breasts.
And Sarah said, Then ask your father for the permission; for I am under your father's authority.
And Joseph said, Yes Sir.
And Sarah pulled aside the skin of her labia, and blew on her clit,
And Sarah felt it rise against her labia.
She came and stood close to Joseph, And, behold, his dick was very stiff.
And Joseph our grandfather went up stairs, and they told him, Rise up, slave.
And he rose again, and went up stairs.
And when he came back downstairs, he told his servant to prepare the dinner for supper, and to set the table.
And when he came back upstairs, he had the servantsgroom and his assistantstrip, and then to collar his grandson, and had himgroom and assistantcoat, and come down the stairs.
And when he came down the stairs, he had his servantstrip and collar him, and had his assistantcoat cuffed to his horse.
And then he stood there, and watched and observed.
And then he told them to set the table up for supper in the living room.
And they went up to the room, and had Aaron slide into the closet, and to drawers, and to dress, and to put his clothing on.
And when Joseph and his brother Ben had finished, and the steward had them laden the sacks with food, Joseph walked up to them, and said, Hold the bags of the sacks till I come to laden them.
And Ben's heart sank; for he had shared all of the presents with his brother, and he had loved them.
But the gift of the food, he would not have passed on.
And they sat before their Master.
And they were sitting in the hot summer sun, when Joseph passed them a while ago.
Their eyes were like fire, and their shadows danced about them like the color of jasmine; they were like a set of wings on a snake.
Their hair fell to their feet in a soft cloak, and it swayed against the white shirt; it shimmered where it lay beneath the sleeves of the shirt, and the back of the neck where it grazed along the length of the sleeves.
And their faces were as radiant and soft as the sun: their hazel eyes twinkled as they smiled and carried on.
And when it was the case of the servants, Joseph asked if they would all ride with him; and when the answer was, They would: for his lord's sake. And when Joseph reached the threshold of the chamber, he gathered his staff and arrow, and the wine.
And he went up to the platform and thrust it into the chamber: and he stood at the doors, and they both entered: and Joseph opened them, and the servants ripped the curtains; and Joseph ripped the curtain: and I stood at the door, and I looked at Joseph and said, Admonished are you, Joseph my brother? and he answered, Yea.
And I said, And what dost thou want of these men? tell this tale before hand? and he said, I need not tell this tale for the servants are what dost you desire? and I smiled and turned to my other servants and said, This is the way; when I command your servants to do something, they do it.
And Joseph did so, and spoke one word, Peace.
And they both kissed him, and his cheek, and his neck; and the cup was handed over to him.
He wondered then, if this was the first of many talks that they would have about this.
And then he was gone: and nothing more: his servant stood before him, and he spoke to her; and he told her to put away her bag.
And she did: and then he walked out of the city: and nothing more.
Except the sound of her voice, which he would turn to her often, to tell her how he felt after doing these things. And she would stand beside him, weeping.
He would turn to her, and reach down to kiss her and whisper in her ear, "Be calm, my queen.
And we set out unto our meals, and we shared the same table.
And after we had our meals, our father and my mother went into the hall, and my father told my mother to lie on the ground.
When my mother did so, my father placed his hand between my mother's legs, and my mother sat up; and my father began to kiss her thigh.
And when my mother did not move, my father's hand brushed her breast, and my mother's foot came between my father's legs, and my father's hand brushed against her thigh.
And I remember lying here, as my father's hand brushed around my mother's skirt, and my mother's foot brushed against mine.
And I remember that night, my mother did not allow my father to cum in the privacy of the house, and I was forbidden to ride my father's or my father's horse.
I also remember, I had a horse, and I rode the coursing horse, which was owned by my uncle.
So I am your uncle.
I shall have to see, O my lord.
And we have agreed that the headmaster should come this afternoon for an audience of the two boys, to be sure they have been well boyed.
But I have spoken, and both the boys should be kept in the dark about the lad, for fear of my servants.
For I have not sent for you, little one; we have not had our audience.
And now I am angry.
First, I have summoned the lad before I have you; and though he is well boyed, he should have heard the whispers and the hints of pain that are there in his innocence. He is ashamed of his body and of me. We will have to do something to make up for that.
(The pause of the voices was a signal given to all that were in the room.)
And many of the men that wept in pride also came to see my face.
(Many of them had never killed a man, save their brothers, and those that did tortured and killed many others in the name of their leader. Most of the men that wept then, after they had killed the man that sent them to the gallows were more civilized, and the killing was more frequent, and sometimes it was the men that tortured and killed in the name of their leader that wept. It was a lesson to them that was hard to learn. Especially as the older men were more civilized, and had learned to behave better even in death.)
So now it was the younger men that wept; and they had a far more complex view of their leader.
(Some of the men that wept also knew the leader amongst themselves; and the leader that they now called "Emperor" had become the ruler of this land, although he was in no way a slave-master.
And of course there were many others that saw the beauty of it, and the wickedness of it.
But the name Joseph, that stood in the hearts of all those that knew him, stood tall in the land of Goshen.
And he was pleased with himself, for he was very old: and his years were coming to an end.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Posted by Bound1 on July 23, 2005. I am posting this in the hopes that someone might be inspired to try my experiment. I am posting this for my friend Jason Brown, who is a Domme and Slut King. We have discussed this before. I am posting it for all to see.
And the men went away, and went up to the mountaintop, and there they fell against the rocks, and pushed them aside.
And the woman with the cuboidal shapely face was taken down there by the servants, and the first to show herself was the servant.
And the servants went to her, and pushed her down, and pulled her to them, and pushed her to the ground; and the stranger, with a roll-on satin sheet on his back, and a scarlet scarf over his face, went to the door of the tent, and opened it; and the servant who had come with her, and the stranger, without a word, went to the other side of the tent, and opened the door.
Then the woman was taken to the woods, and the stranger, with scarlet scarves over his eyes, and a scarf around his neck, went to her.
And they both fell into the woods, with the stranger lying in the cool, quiet air, with the woman's heart in his hand, the woman's arms wrapped around his neck.
And the stranger drew the scarf to his face; and the virgin's hand came down on him, as the women's fall was joined with the stranger's.
And the stranger drew his scarf to him; and the women all held him down; and the stranger had control of the woman, and he felt her heat as he reached her lips; and he kissed her.
And the servant returned, and the stranger had his own way of making them all suffer, and he refused to do the one act that he did not like.
And God said, Thou hast permission to look upon my woman.
And Israel looked, and behold, woman! And God looked, and said, Unto which part of thy mouth is this girl, virgin and newly arrived? And the girl's mouth was open, and it was wet.
And she said, My name is God.
And God said, Unto thee.
And the God of hosts entered into a contract with the girl, for he looked upon her as his; for he was the God of the earth.
And the God of the gods sent him to take her to the mountain of burning coals, and to set thereon an offering of ivory, of fine silk, of fine carvings, of gold and carvings, of every precious metal, of every kind of thing that is on the earth.
And of the daughters of Hanoch, who lived in Egypt: These were the daughters of Pharaoh Ahomana.
And of the daughters of the Canaanites who dwelt in the land of Egypt: These were the daughters of Pharaoh Osirion.
And of the two daughters of these two daughters: These were the daughters of Pharaoh Ptolema.
And of the girl who was taken by the demon Possessed by the demon Possessed; of his girl; and of the demon Possessed by the demon Possessed; of his donkey; and of the demon Possessed by the demon Possessed; and of the two daughters of Set; of Set: These were the daughters of Ashem.
And of the girl who had become the wife of the demon Possessed; of her; and of his demon Possessed; of his donkey; and of his slave girl; of Set: These were the daughters of Tiamat.
And of the girl who had become the slave of the demon Possessed; of her; and of her assourer; and of his demon Possessed: Of her; and of her assourer; and of her slave girl; of his demon Possessed; of his demon Possessed; and of her slave girl; of his demon Possessed; and of her slave girl; of his demon Possessed.
These are the seven hills of Egypt: of the mountain chain of the Red Sea, which ascend to the skies, which divide the land into three parts, and which are inhabited by four races of man; which, when united, form a mighty one. This earth was molten before the flood, which still retains the lust of war which it received from the waters which descended from the sky. And this is the day of refactory; that is, with hands and not with machines. This is the day of having our houses and our businesses done, while we sit and wait for someone to arrive. This is also the day that women are most likely to be murdered. The World Economic Forum is a global business network of businesswomen, and leaders in various fields. Established in 1950, the society was chartered in Miami Beach, FL. In 1998, the President of the society, considered to be one of the top five most powerful women in the world, was killed in a car accident.
And Laban felt himself come to pass in that he was his brother-sister-disciple to Joseph.
And Laban felt himself come unto ecstasy in his wickedness; for all these were the same person which had come onto him in the dream, and he had told Laban in a dream sequence that he was in a relationship with.
As he was entering the passageway he was approached by a strong muscular hand on his shoulder; he saw a face steal across his eyes; a woman naked and smiling; ear to eye with hair falling across her face, a body full of long glossy black hair.
He could feel her moving towards him; he was stopped in his tracks.   He felt her hands on him, and she ripped his shirt from his shoulders; he awoke from the dream.
In his world of darkness, he felt her hands moving across his stomach; she gave a large, warm, moist kiss on his lower abdomen; and she slipped her fingers beneath the material covering his sex.   He shivered as he sensed her take his shirt; her eyes were kind as he watched her fondle himself. She explained; " We are not here for the time being, my child.
And Pharaoh kissed them, and let them come.
They fled, and to the cities of Mesopotamia and the land of Babylonia.
They came to the river Euphrates, and they called to one another, saying, We have traveled over a thousand miles to see these strange horses.
And the neighing of the horses told them how the stranger excited them.
They galloped, and the stranger drew near.
And when the stranger drew near, he stopped, and the stranger galloped with him, and the women rode beside him.
And their milk flowed upon the cool water.
Their milk mingled with the milk of the cows which were mounding about, which were in the land of the Ghasts.
And Joseph his servant came unto Joseph, and his servant said, Maidservant, look thou upon her, which is the best for thee.
And Joseph looked upon his servant, and said, Ye are right.
And Joseph said unto Jacob, Give me her; and Jacob said unto him, Lo we shall see.
And Joseph said, Let's go into the tent and have a look.
And they walked into the tent.
And Jacob got on his horse and went into the tent.
And when they came unto the screen door of the house, Jacob looked upon the face of his wife; and when Joseph saw the face of his wife, he came to the aid of his friend.
And Joseph said unto them, we have had our fill of these sorts of fun; so let us leave her to her carnal lovers.
And Joseph said unto them, Hath no man power but what he hath been given?
They said unto him, Yea; we have power over you.
And Joseph said unto them, Where is the money?
And they ask not what this year's lottery was about; their minds are made up; their souls are as if created by the living gods themselves, as they gallop upon the cobblestones and shuffle among the purple and the red lights of the night.
And Joseph says unto them, Hath not this man power over you, and in thee?
And they say, Yea, even over us.
For when they had all come to the appointed place, (in the land of Goshen,) Joseph said unto them, Let us play a little game.
And Joseph sayeth, We will bet my slave that he will be our entertainment for the night.
And it came to pass that it was a day which the people of the land of Egypt never spent without their Lord, for it was a day of joy for all; for in the land of Egypt they had found a new Master, which they served with joy: for Pharaoh was an excellent Master, and had much to teach the new arrivals.
And it came to pass that in the days of their Lord, Pharaoh would visit with the people, and comfort the people, and deal with them in all things; and knowledge would come to them that they might be able to impart to their Lord; and with the knowledge of their Lord, they would strive to build up a relationship with the Lord; and with the Lord, they would gain grace.
And now it came to pass that the years stood still; and the year was 2017.
And now it was just a few days ago that Joseph and Susan met in a street, by chance, while she was out of town for a charity auction.
But it was a night that she will never forget.
On the street, were two sets of eyes, some with smiles, some with shivers, some with who knows what else.
A man and a woman, dressed in dark glasses and black scarves.
Or perhaps it was the riding crop?
And said, Joseph, I will have thy wife, and I will have the pleasure of training thee.
And Joseph said unto his father, Thou hast agreed to this; therefore I will not have to put her out.
And they took the head of the boy, and the heart of the girl; and they fastened her ankles to the wooden posts of the bed; and they took the boy along with his ass and his sister along with him; and they drove the carriage to Goshen, and they went to the mansion, in which was Joseph's garden, and they entered the mansion, and they both sat and watched the garden; and then they both fell upon the girl, and began to suck her; and the wine began to run off the lips of the girl, and it was the best fucking she had ever received.
And Joseph used his hand to help with her clit, and the girl began to suck his hand also; and Joseph swam with her and made love to her; and they both made love to her face and neck; and she was actually very horny at this time; for she was beginning to question whether or not she was actually a virgin.
And she was kneeling on the floor at the back of the bed with her arms down her sides, with her legs slightly parted, and her dress up at the crotch, and she was starting to think that she was Joseph's.
And Joseph moaned quietly to himself, “I bet she is.” And she continued, “I don’t care what she wears: she can wear whatever she wants.” And she added, “I just want to eat her right here.
And Joseph said unto Rachel, Let us go down unto the river, and I will give thee a bath; and she the best part.
And Rachel was at the river's edge, and she hastened to the water's edge.
And the white river flowed across the sand: and her beauty enticed the eyes of her son: and she leant in for a kiss.
And there was no tongue but the tongue of the sea: but words could be had no more than the tongue of the man that spoke in them.
So Rachel stood before the washed blood, and the eyes of both her parents as well as her lover's eyes were transfixed upon her.
And she bent forward upon her knees before her, and her face was only inches from the sea.
And she bent her head upon her father's knee, and her hands rested upon her thighs.
And she heard his breath coming in the sound of the waves, and she thrust her cheeks forward, and she heard his soft moans turning to hard profanity.
And Joseph thought, If I lose this one, what will my other son hope for?
And his father said, Let him have the shaft, my precious, who shall own the world; and since this is mine, I will guide his seed to the earth and plant the seed in his belly, that he may be a vessel for the spirits, to go down into the earth and to come out the other side, that he may have the earth in his soul.
And for this, precious Josephus, I will have a host of other noble things to offer him, when he shall have filled his soul with the souls of the dead; so that his name shall not be tarnished in the lands of the living.
And now, Josephus came forward with the restored Lord's robes, and began to dress Rachel's body.
She was glowing with anticipation as he made his way to the Master Bathroom.
She was his; his Shiloh's; his Blake's.
He looked at her nude body closely: erect nipples, strong jaw, large round breasts, a broad and flat belly, long plump legs. She was emitting an angelic glow as he dressed her.
And so are the weapons of war.
Let us therefore take care of these things.
Jacob set out to find the black market.
And with what vision he came upon it was the black market:
With the black market as guide he came to the court.
In the court was a hundred servants.
All blind with silted gaze.
They wore no gloves and were not roused from their places with fright.
They wore nothing but the garter and stockings, and placed themselves at all times on their knees before him, their clothes neatly folded on the chairs.
Tiamethe shall ride the stall of that stall, and he shall be her rider. Each in his own stall, she shall chase his prey until he falls:
Beside him shall a bowl of nectar prepared and stirred:
And a knife shall be on his table, if he offer his himself.
She shall ride her stallion, and the bill in his stead shall feed him. When he is ripe he shall neigh with the whip, and every nerve of his body shall quiver.
Zebulun sat on the stables seat, and in his hand he kept the whip, and the small knife. To me it was pain; to him it was sweet pleasure. He knew the pain would arouse me; and from my seat I watched, as she slowly shed her clothes, until she was ready for me again. There is more than meets the eye; and I have to admit I fell in with a lot of butterflies at this sight.
Yisrael is a lion in the hunt: and he shall tread the path.
The sword in the hand shall be a deterrent to the night: swift as lightning.
The deep washes of time shall be kept from the spirit, as the rush of a waterfall.
No part of the path shall the eye fall: and though the fall shall strike the eye, the eye cannot pass.
The hills roll away: the tree's bark is woven with stalagmites.
O You who tread on them, never leaving them.
Those who look on the trees, those who look on the shadows, shall fear them.
Those who gaze into the flame of a small candle shall be blinded by its brilliance.
And I shalt in their blood and blood be set in the sand.
(And it shall come to pass that on the morrow I visit the cave of the slain slain JEHOMES. The COCKS are broken in in the morning, and the DAY IS MORN...and in the afternoon, they are gathered into the cave. The COCKS are brought out of the cave, and the DAY IS JERSEY:
And the COCKS are built upon the bones of the slain JEHOMES.
It shall be awhile before the horse stings shall have their effect:
And the blood drawn from the COCKS shall be spilt and ooze upon the ground:
A bird or two shall give the wound its best shot, and the blood from the COCKS shall be spilt upon the ground.
If you be as kind as you are said to be, that you may let my soul be cleansed of all wrongdoing:
And when Joseph spake this he felt as if he were entering the gates of Heaven, where he would be granted the right to sleep with the stars:
The eyes of Pharaoh sucked on his father's face; and his mouth moved not a finger.
But in the shadow of the night sky, the medicine went; and over his body and soul.
It did not matter the means; the power was the same.
Daughter of Hydra, Rachel sending forth her young:
Who thirsts after the lips of Snow White: and the blood of Hydra.
Her name is Libra; she was chosen from the space fields of the blood moon.
She was the daughter of Lucifer and Storm.
Her body was like that of a young concubine; her beauty like that of a golden cup.
She was a vision of perversion, pure in its essence.
They brought her to the feast of wine, and set her on her knees, so that her head should lie in the crack of the floor.
And he laid her out on the ground:
And ordered the priests to shave the hair on her arms, and on her right breast; and on her left nipple; and to tattoo the new articles on her; and to do away with the hearth on the lands of her father and her mother.
And he sent her to the auction block, to be sold to the highest bidder without delay, because he knew that the man who bought her would make the best use of her.
And when the seller came before Abelmizraim, he asked the buyer, How much should this girl be worth to you? The buyer was the man who had sold to her father. Abelmizraim paid sixty-five sheepskin dollars for her; and as it is valueless to her, the buyer paid fifty-five dollars for her. They bought back her; and as they had done before, they put her to the auction block, bought her a carriage and set her out to the auction.
While bidding on the sheepskin dollars, Abelmizraim lost out to the other bidders, and so he paid the first bidder seventy-five dollars.
And Joseph said unto them, Ye shall have the joy of witness in the days of time to come, how the hearts of these men feel about their Creator: that is the sole joy of them all.
And they spake as one, thus confirming their declaration in one voice.
And Joseph called his brother Ben and his father, Jacob: he also was a stranger to Joseph.
And Joseph called his brother Eli.
And Eli called his brother Nahum.
And they came forth and bowed their heads before Joseph.
And Joseph said unto them, Why seekest thou this joy?
Why seekest thou Joseph a companion?
Judah had been Zebul's servants before he was taken by the Pharaoh.
Zebul, an old hand in the martial arts, was a man of few words and ability, but he had a heart of iron and was a very strict disciplinarian. He would beat the living daylights out of him if the old man made any showing of his age!
Bartholomew, a beautiful young man, was one of Joseph's attendants. He was not much in life but his bearing was gentle, gentle and collected. He had been with Joseph for three years and had been with them for many years, a long time lover. Having served in the Royal Artillery during World War I, he served with distinction against the Austrians, the Ords and the Mahan.
He was a corporal and never in the Royal Artillery.
And they came to a decision, and decided that they would all stay with Joseph and his family.
And for this, they would deal harshly with the renegade priests and Levites.
But Joseph was different. He had no family or friends in Alexandria; so he stood on his own, with his head bowed in submission, in the royal palace, where the rules of the game were to be discussed and carried out.
For years, he had kept to himself; never crossing his arms in the royal palace.
But now he had been invited to a royal ball, and he had to come, to face the music.
And he would deal carefully with the young men and women, and with the older men, to gain their respect and the respect of the other youth.
And this was his chance, to spread the love between the two races.
And they spake as one, and marvelled at the news of the great comfort they had received.
But the king of Egypt commanded that they should give this new charge to one of the boys, and if they could find one boy who was under twelve years old, and with a strong corporeal being, he should be the one to take.
And the midwives went to the boy and said, What new offence have we here?
And the king said, Why, Shannen's charge; for the health of the land.
And they took him, and brought him to the presence of the king.
And when the king saw that he was in fact a boy, he was greatly pleased.
But when the boy's father saw that, he said, My good girl, why do you meddle in this matter?
And they said, With the boy gone, our bride will have the right to call him her child.
And now the time had come for the birth of his baby girl.
And while he was sitting on the bank of the river, his sister conceived again; and when her day came, he came and stood near the bank, and took her in his arms, and carried her to the river's edge, and there they both fell in a sack.
And the baby was born.
And the birth of his baby girl was a joy to both of them.
And now his sister had gone to the people of the earth.
And the king took her to her house, and spoke unto them.
He told them of the birth of his baby girl; and of the gifts he had given her.
He told them of the gifts he had bestowed upon her.
And his mother was none to look on; but the brotherhood looked on with great compassion.
And when his mother heard that she had sold her soul to the stranger, she laid him out upon her saddle.
And when his father heard that his son had sold his soul to the stranger, he came to her, and spanked her with his hand.
And when his father saw that the young man had done this, he came to her, and said, Grant is unworthy to have sold his soul to a stranger.
And he spanked her with the riding crop.
And when his mother had cried enough to merit a spanking, he spanked her in the rack.
And when her mother heard that her son Grant had sold his soul to the stranger, she came forward and spoke to him.
"I sold my soul to the stranger, to M out of love.
And Reuel said unto her, Speak unto him, for if he returns, we shall be like unto animals, and sleep with him. For if we feed on the flesh of this man, we shall not only survive, we will thrive. And the girl began to weep, when she saw the disgusting spectacle that was before her.
And Reuel spoke to Moses. And he sat down between her legs.
He began to stroke her pussy, slowly, gently. And she began to cum. And she pulled away from him.
And the angel of the LORD descended to the ground and pulled Rebecca's clothed torso to her feet, and kissed her.
And the angel said, Place the girl in the middle of the circle, and lead her.
And Moses kneeled before her, and on his knees he kissed her.
And the angel said unto him, Why were you bought? Why were you taken away?
And the angel said, From where did you come?
And the angel said, I will show you.
And the angel descended into the valley, and she entered the bush, and they looked on as Rebecca's eyes grew to incredible magnificence.
God said unto Moses, Depart now, thou hast no need of thee. As Moses removed himself from the waterside, he went down to the well of the Nile, where he staked out his tent, and prepared for the journey.
And when the day of the journey came he called his guests over, and told them of his visit to them. And they went to him, and whosoever was with him, they pledged themselves to his care.
When the time came for him to go, he went down to the well of the river, and withdrew his people. And when he came back up, he called his three sons together, and said, Take the girl to Pharaoh, and let his son-in-law have her. And they went to Pharaoh, and took her to his tent, and his son-in-law had his sister. And the three sons took her to Pharaoh; and when Pharaoh saw that he was with his people, he let them go.
For the LORD God of hosts hath said unto Moses, Let us go up into the gardens of Eden, to the place of Hathor, and let her son Gaz enter the portal of the fire.
And I will bring thee up into the air, and you shall see the fire.
And I will descend upon thee like a weak man, and you shall not feel the touch of a man's hand upon thee, until I come upon thee like a lion, and have taken thee by the hand and made thee my prey.
(The echoes of the lions roar through the mist, when I thrust my hand into the dark under side of her, hoping that she will answer the sounds. She does not tremble; her eyes remain lowered; her head is back on her hands and her head is resting on her ass. This shows that her climax was not too strong, though she does look a little queasy.)
(The sound of a canoe paddling in the waves shows that she is not alone at the canoe. Other boats have pulled into the portal, and her and Gaz enter a huge canoe, which has been repurposed as a bathtub, and her sex is on fire, her body is quivering almost painfully.
And Moses answered and said, Verily I say, this is the token of my submission; for I have adored the eyes of this serpent.
And the LORD God of hosts entered into a covenant with Moses; whereby he bound himself unwillingly unto Moses.
And the LORD God of the house below, the God of Pain entered into a covenant with him; whereby he was forced to perform his role, and to keep the house in order that Moses may be able to walk within the limits of the covenant.
And the LORD God of hosts entered into a covenant with the poor submissive virgin of this scene; whereby he was also forced to assist her in keeping the house of the Lord her Godshipped property; and to bear her converse and other fat calves for her to use when and if she was so called to pleasure this scene.
And the LORD God of hosts entered into a covenant with the slave girl Jenna; whereby he bound himself unwillingly and voluntarily to perform the duty as Lord Darlin' should, and to help her in the enjoyment of her person and her beauty.
And the LORD God of hosts entered into a covenant with the men of the beach; whereby he was commanded to perform the duty as only a slave would, if the girl is to be his; and to bear the full burden of all that life has to offer.
And the LORD God of hosts entered into a covenant with Uriah; whereby he was commanded to bear the full burden of his slaves lives, and to yield to the demands of Uriah.
And he went to the man, and told him what the snake had said.
And the snake answered and said, I am that which the LORD will be.
Then the snake said to the man, By the hand of Moses.
And the man said by the hand of Moses, I am the LORD's half-savior.
So the serpent lead their captive prisoner to the river's edge. And the serpent told Moses to guide him to the fresh spring; and from thence, she said, cast him into the river.
And Moses went to the spring and threw the girl to the floor in front of her; and she took off her robe and laid it over the boy. And she put on her slave's collar; and the collar was made of silk.
For I have not come to thee for command, but to fulfill thine own desires.
For this I will have soreness in my heart for a day.
For I have not come to thee for command, but to fulfill thy desire; to give a people the nations which thou hast sent.
For this I will have sorely in mind the execrable crimes which Moses hath done.
For this I will have stinging heartache as I will stroke the ass of my slave, until his reddened cheeks are spread with the sweet oil of assent.
And I will warm thine eye with thine own oil of saliva, when thou shalt see whether Pharaoh is granting his word as his servant.
If Pharaoh is gagging and unable to move, then I will use thine own hands to start the heart of the dog, which is the heart of the race.
Moses smiled at the times, and chuckled inwardly as he grinned at his thoughts.
And the LORD spake unto Aaron, saying…
Take the boy, and bring him to the women's room, with his blankets and the sheets pulled over his head.
And take Deborah, and bring her into the tent of meeting.
And with her come the scroll and the plate of text.
And when the plate of text is on the table, the scroll and the alabaster will go in her hand.
And when the scroll or the plate of text is on the table, the mullet or the bandana, and the ass or the veil that covers the whole face and the eyes, the herald will stand or fall.
The young man will enter the tent, and with her close beside him, she will place the dish of food on the table, and he will rush to put it onto the table, when he sees it.
And the women's room, and with her will be a surprise, depending on how she chooses.
The young man will lay his clothes on the table, when he comes into the room.
Get thee to the mountain, and stand at the top of the mount, that we may pass by the river; for there is gold in the river, and silver in the mountains. Go up on the mountain face, and take the rope from the river, and take the people to the river's falls. Be ready, and bring back the women with you. Be ready also, O Moses, to give glory to the Lord your God with your mouth.
And Moses and Aaron went up the mountain, and took the rope from the river, and brought the people to the falls, and stretched the ropes over the people, binding their feet and wrists, and making them helpless. The people were helpless because they were afraid of the punishment they would endure if they should disobey. And this is what the Pharaoh demanded of Moses and Aaron. It was a most severe punishment for disobedient slaves; it was the duty of the people's best and most obedient slave to lead the people to their punishment.
No, O Israel; we will make wooden bricks instead of straw.
And the carts were sent up the hills to the spring, and the cartloads of straw were set down on all fours on the cart as they went up the hills.
And the carts came to a junction, and when the people had come to a short standstill, the cartloads of straw first went up the hill, and then down the hill, till they stopped at a house; and a battle began.
Both armies were then in pursuit; and the Battle of the Nets was long and hard; both armies shooting; and the Battle of the Nets was the slaughter of the people.
In the end, the People's General played dead; standing and looking around; and after the People had pushed off the cart, the cartloads of straw, which were pushed down the hill, fell to the ground.
The People's General retreated back to the cart; and when the People's General reinstalled the cart, they didn't put the cartback over the cart, they put the cart on top of the cart.
And Pharaoh said, Sit down and let us finish our game.
And so they did.
And the LORD said unto them, Why, child, of the burnt offering, which is in the mouth of the LORD this day, I offer thee this sacrifice?
And the officers of the people said unto Moses, Verily I say, That is a man's sacrifice; upon whose effulgence this day is based.
And the LORD said unto them, Let us go and sacrifice to the LORD.
And the people parted their shoulders as they went to the altar of the Gods.
And Moses went and worshiped at the foot of the altar.
And when the time came for the sacrifice of the year round, Moses went to the tower and called his wife and said, Let us go up to the top of the mountain, where the blood will run thicker.
And they went up the steps and came to the top of the mountain.
And Moses parted the sky and looked towards the east and came to the top of the mountain, and the people gathered about them in a circle.
Behold I have built my house in the land of the living dead, which is a people like you: wherefore its inhabitants shall not live, for I was an alien to them, save it is from the LORD thy God.
And I will come to you, and shall face you, and shall eye you, and shall part your cheeks with you in making your entrance.
Wherefore ye shall meet my eyes in the hall of the dead.
And ye shall kiss my feet upon your coming forth: and ye shall kneel before my feet, and ye shall offer up your bodies to me, and I shall with mine arm go into the ground and rummage around until I find the velvet trail, and lead you in the path of the wind.
And if ye shall find it, I will bring you to the tree of life, which is the root of the evil one, and the tree of life is the most deadly one.
And the LORD thy God will have mercy on thine enemy, for he must have his vassals.
And the LORD shalt have mercy on thine enemy; for he must have his vassals.
And the LORD of hosts will have mercy on thine enemy: for he must have his vassals.
These are the three tribes of Israel.
Of these, the sons of Reuben the firstborn are the best; the sons of Hanoch the worst. Hanoch was the eldest of the three, born to Hanoch and Rebecca. Hanoch was the heart and soul of his family, and was the closest his father ever came to being with her. Hanoch ruled his realm with an iron fist, and Rebecca ruled in a way that her cruelty turned her son, and at times, her entire court. Hanoch was a thousand times worse than any of the other slaves she brought in. She would saddle her riders and slaughter them in frenzied passion. The most remarkable thing about her was her cruelty.
And the years of the life of Amir were an hundred and nine years.
And the time of Mezhel came; and Mezhel came and dwelt among the nations.
Mezhel had dealings with the same people for over a millennium, and he went to war with them several times.
But it was the dealings with the Egyptians that really drew Mezhel to them.
He was a merchant who came to the shores of Africa many years ago.
He came upon the island of Madagascar with his ship laden with spices and delicates. He stayed for a year or two, and then left.
The balance of his trade with them was small; but he always returned to the shores.
And Moses said unto the LORD, What then shall I do for thee?
The LORD said unto Moses, Take thee up to Pharaoh to show thyself unto him.
And Moses took Aaron and brought him to Pharaoh.
And when the Pharaoh saw that he was come to the feet of the great king, he was moved with fear; and his people fled for refuge in the forests.
But Aaron came to the head of the stairs of the Pyramid and said to the king, Let us go up to the top of the stairs into which thou gavest thyself; for the time being the business of the day is done.
And when Moses and Aaron had gone up to the top of the stairs, Rebus the boy was beside them with his head between their legs.
And while the boy was talking to the king his Mistress, had the diadem of Flamel; and a riding crop struck him on the right cheek, and his heart was broken.
And when the Master of Ceremonies had given the penny's worth of wax to each of the Sub-divines on the right cheek, the following question was asked of the three.
And Moses brought forth a serpent, and Aaron did cast the rod, and Pharaoh sware, and the serpent was before him.
And the LORD looked upon the scene which had befallen Pharaoh's, and he was become dumb with fear.
For Pharaoh knew that the more Pharaoh spooked, the greater the chances of his children would be found, and the more slaves would be taken, and he spooked, and he began to cry.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus saith the LORD; Be it known to all that the slave boy should not be used for food by his master: on the day that his master is to administer his punishment unto the poor boy; be it also known that the slave boy shall come forth and offer his flesh for food; and his master shall portion his foodfor the souls of the wicked.
And the cost of this visitation shall be borne according to the cost of the trespass, and shall be as it should be.
And when the sun cometh down, the slave boy shall lay before the LORD thy offering, and the price of his flesh shall be forty strokes of the riding crop; and upon that day shall the LORD give tribute according to the cost of the offering.
And on the day that his master shall grant tribute according to the cost of the offering,
the slave boy shall go before the LORD and shall offer his flesh for food.
On that day shall the LORD give tribute according to the cost of the offering.
And as for the fleas which have fled the fold of the water, they shall be wiped off from the face of the earth.
However upon the morning, when the sun come up, those things shall be left upon the face of the earth: and that is the witness that the LORD has before thee, that is the witness that the LORD God of hosts hath should give to me.
So shalt thou learn, and know also, that I gave mine own flesh for you, that is the witness that the LORD God of hosts should give unto thee.
For there shall be no more afflictions more than these, when Pharaoh shall have risen from the river's edge: for the whole earth shall be at the great flood; in the land of the living creatures there shall have be no more...
These are the thoughts which the LORD of hosts must have.
And in the days which follow after this flood, the clouds of the sky shall close over the land, and the mountains of the mountains shall melt: the earth with them shall be nothing.
For the river was kindled: and the wood was taken away, and the camels were led into the river; and they drank the blood of camels.
And the horn of the river was taken away, and the camels were put into the river; and frogs were in the river, and the river was made liable to flood; and the Lord drove out the frogs; and the camels were swept away; and the Lord's property was in the river; and the frogs swam into the river; and the Lord's property was in the river.
And in the river there was a man, and a woman, and a boy; and the boy's name was Jonathan.
On the evening of the fourth day, the magicians of Egypt were in the habit of coming out into the valley and bringing the frogs and the camels and the boy with them; and the camels were taken along with the boy; and the boy was whipped; and the magicians cast Jonathan on the embankment, and the embankment was washed with a river; and the river was taken away.
And the evening of the fifth and last day was fulfilled; for Jonathan was laid in the embankment, and the river had taken his life.
The sixth and last day was a very fine day; the morning of the seventh and most fearsome day of the week; for Jonathan was there; and the magicians had prepared the river; and the river was very swift.
Jonathan's heart was a pound; but the flush of blood on his face kept him from crying.
Moses had been so far away that he had not heard the commotion; and Jonathan's lips were wet.
And Moses went to the assemblage of the peoples, and called for the departure of the magicians.
And when the assemblage was large, and the Djem'bad were gathered together, Pharaoh took away Moses and Aaron's hands and feet; and both of them were severely whipped and whipped until their ass was on fire.
And when the Magicians tried to leave, Pharaoh pushed them out of the way, and let them out of the entombment; and they went out into the open plains.
And Pharaoh's servants went around the assemblage, and placed the corpses of the Magicians along along the TRACK and set his chariot to go around the scene of things.
So when the Lord's chosen ones went around the scene, their fuckingstanding ooze was everywhere.
And everywhere they went, there were at least 12 massive hard on's on the ground, and a dozen naked male subhumans in the entombment, taking turns fucking everything, and taking photos of everyone.
And some would go around the world to do drugs with, while others, especially Americans, would be turned by the images, and use the images to help spread their sick warped sexual agendas.
It was all a very beautiful experience, the sense of adventure, and discovery in art, and the sharing of a soul with others; a little like the butterfly Effect in that way.
And Moses said, Yea; and the magicians did likewise.
And the LORD drove out the magicians from the land of Egypt.
And the LORD stood upon the top of the mountain, and spoke unto Moses, Depart from the water, and make me swear by the mountains their waters that you shall never transgress my oath.
And Moses stood upon the sand, and spoke unto the LORD, The oath that I swore was good, good upon the waters, that you would never transgress it.
And the LORD went from the water, and cast them into the river.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Admit to the LORD thyself shalt thou swear by the mountains their waters that thou hast gathered for thee.
And Moses admitted to the LORD his pride, and said, I swear by the mountains their waters; for the creatures of the waters are fickle; and the fancies of the mountains are of the mind of the beholder.
The LORD did as he commanded.
And when the plague had gone into its source, the magicians hastened to prepare their last incantation, which was the destruction of all that was good and holy in the land of Goshen: their clothes, their possessions, their herds, everything: but their cattle: and their herds were the most voracious.
And the magicians cried many times unto Moses, and he listened; and he sent messengers to the land of Goshen with instructions to collect the flies into the lake, and to bring them to Pharaoh.
And the magicians went to the bed chamber, and made many preparations, in which were placed many kinds of deadly things, and the enchantresses put on many kinds of deadly things, and the ground whereon they were to land their flies was slippery with blood: and the bird which was to give the sharp sting was very small: and the most dreadful of all, the most beautiful of all was the one which would give the sucking suckling suckling suckling: and Moses and his entourage went to the bed chamber, and stood upon the tops of the waves, naked and in their robes; and two-and-twenty fell from the tree, and lay down in the grass: and then the magicians began to play.
And the plague came not in the springtime, but in the falltime.
It came suddenly, and injured many: the great majority of the people being over forty.
But the magicians had been preparing for long time; and the old man Gamal was a learned man, and a plaything of many hands.
And many a night had passed, during which the sound of female voices had come from the bed chamber; and when Gamal saw a beautiful woman approach his bed chamber, he jumped upward toward her and kissed her, and after lapping the fluids from her arm, eagerly sucked the sweet sap from her neck.
For he was proud of his people.
For ere that day the people went to the land of sacrifice, they offered up their lambs, their goats, their herds, their flocks, for the LORD had said so.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise up high on the land, and bring unto me the lambskin sack: and I will give you the sweets inside the sack.
For if my people should fall into the trap of the magicians arts, they shall be taken away by the magicians themselves into the entrails of the MAGICIANS.
And Moses went to the bag which the magicians had brought with them; and it came tumbling down to the ground, with the stick and the top of the tube, and he took them, and with his hands, he cast them to the dogs; and the dogs were given the same delight.
And Moses put the stick on the ground, and the tube down his nose, and he went and pulled the tube from his nose.
And he did, and the people did.
And the LORD commanded that they should go into the field with their oxen and the boys and make their appearance before the LORD. And so they did.
And the LORD's people came out to the field, and the men and boys went in the hollow and the women to the camisole.
And the LORD's people went into the field, and the boys went behind the posts.
And the girls went into the hollow, and the men in the field took their chances with the girls, and with the boys, and each had their turn.
And the men of the village came out on the hill, and the men of the villages went up and around, and around, in the hollow, the ground, and over the hill, to the water's edge, and there laid the girl and the boy, and the girl and the boy, and their mother, and the boy.
And the men of the villages went down to the river, and the boys and the girls used the food they had brought with them, and chanced upon some frogs.
For I was an androgynous man, in human form.
And the magicians fell upon the bed in stunned silence, seething with anger.
"How can this be, I was born with a man's head and a woman's face." "I am the first male born in that land to have a woman's face and a woman's heart." "This is a direct result of a woman's affections for a male." "As a matter of fact, she's the one who broke the camaraderie between the husband and his wife. She's been acting like a complete brat since the beginning." "Directly or indirectly, he has every right to feel that way.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying:
Take then my child, and take her to thy house, for I will show thee thy nakedness; and take her to thy servant; that I may take her again after I have killed her.
And Moses took her to his servant; and she came to her full height, and stood before the LORD.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise quickly, that I may cast out these vassals for you;
That I may get to the root of wickedness within you; and that I may cleanse you of the unclean spirit.
And Moses led her before the LORD, and she came before him, and said:
You are clean from your first thoughts, O my Lord; you have no unclean spirit.
You have purified your soul from all that is foul from your soul.
You have redeemed your first thought from the curse of the land.
And the LORD spake unto her, saying: Untie her hands, and have them bound before the fire is put out.
Then Moses led her to the altar, and the LORD set before her a seal of the seals upon the parchment; and Moses bound her hands; and the LORD said unto her, Let us go back to the river, with our clothes on; for we are going to the land of Peleg; and we shall break the camels there.
But the hail was upon the earth; and hail and fire came from the mouth of the well-tended well of the river Gath:
And the earth quivered as the LORD had commanded the flood.
And out of the corner of the eye of the spectator he saw Moses walking along side Leviathan.
And through the open door he saw a small child, who was naked except for his shoes, and whose mouth was open, and whose feet were spread out upon the ground, and who was carrying his master's book, and whose skin was like that of a goat's but with some markings of the sharp edge of a net, and whose legs were like that of a sheep, and whose body was hairy as were his body. And this observer was so appraising of this animal life that he might well have guessed that he would find a fellow sheepskin on the forefeet of this young man.
And this observer was the Master.
And the Master observed the well-tended well, and the wonderful creature that lay inside it.
And the Master took from the child his own life, and gave to the child that he had marked for death.
And the Master walked back to the door of the well-tended well, and opened it.
And when the humans be driven there, and not fit for any other purpose, and the locusts eat the trees, then I shall cause the hail, and the locusts shall circle around the man, and they shall disturb him.
And if the plants there be not long to eat them, and the humans be not long there, and the locusts be not long, and the hail causeeth the earth to tremble with terror, then the locusts shall also upon the field cause the same.
And this shall be the work of the heavens: in a day the earth shall be as it was made, in the midst of a locust war.
And when the heavens hate thee, and cause the earth to quake with terror, then the locusts shall feed upon the human host, and feed in their clusters together, till they come out of their hiding places, and roam about the earth, and perambulate upon the human host, causing them to flee and the humans to flee.
And this is the recompense of my desire, which is mine alone: for I gave the ground to the locusts, and they perambulated from the base of the earth unto the very heavens themselves.
And as the humans fled from the leech, and the locusts from the field, and the waters covered with hail, the humans gawped; and the flowers drank the juice of the fig and the leech; and the crocodile and the frog also drank.
And the humans were terrified, and the locusts and the frogs for ever after; for the flood ravaged all that was upon them.
And the LORD liveth all that out of mercy; for he loveth his creatures very much.
And the locusts swam upon the land, and the young men and the old men were driven from the land, out into the open country; and the young women and the old women's children were driven to the mountains, and the children of the men, and every thing that the beasts had, into the water.
And the men, and the boys, and the boys' children went into the rivers and the rivers and the streams; and the young men and the boys, and the boys, and the boys swam in the water.
And the young women, and the old women, and the children of the men, sat down on the grasses and the ground, and the young women kissed the ground as the creatures ate; and the men swam into the mountains, and the young women fell in the water.
And the men swam in the swamps and the rivers, and the boys swam in the grasses, and the men walked along the paths and the grassy country, and the men fell in the water.
And the old woman stayed down near the river's edge, and the young woman returned to her place in the garden, and her son slept in her arms.
And the old woman wept as she watched her son's sleep; and she loved her servants more than life itself.
But the most terrible punishment she ever met with was the return of her dear friend Camille, on her return from Camille's Cafe.
She knew Camille well; she had been in the restaurant many times; and the memories of these two would stay with her for the rest of her life.
And Moses stretched out his hand toward heaven, and it came to be over the land of Egypt: and in the darkness there was no sound, for the locusts did not come up to the surface.
But the LORD stirred the waters, and threw a net of cold water against the east wind, which stretched out from the land of Egypt to cover the land of Israel.
And the net of cold water was upon the east wind, and the land of Israel was numb.
But the LORD stirred the water in the nether regions, which ran counter to the wind; and the water was turned to wind.
And the land returned to its normal course.
And at night in the plain of the night, after the sun had gone, a man came out and entered the tent of the keeper of the bed, and the doors were flung open.
And out from the corner of the nether region, a man came and entered the man's own tent, and the doors were likewise flung open.
And on the morrow, the keeper of the bed and his keeper stood on the morrow, the man naked and the woman idly dressed.
But the LORD thy self shall take away the shame of me: And Moses went to the well whence he heard the cry of the little ones.
And when Moses had come to the well, the LORD thyself took from him both the flogger and the crop; and they sware three times more round the well, and the noise was made three nights with.
And Pharaoh's heart was heavy for ever after of the pride of his people; for before that he had not been jealous of the gift of the gift of the gift of the gift of the gift of the gift of the gift of the gift of the gift of the gift of the gift of the gift of the whip.
So they asked the God of Heaven to give them both new breasts; and after they had the new made up with lipstick and auburn, they asked the same from God of the removal of the old insemination marks.
And when the donor was satisfied with the result of this, he blessed both their breasts with the same kiss.
The following day both their new husbands went to the well known local brothel to be healed for their small hands which the cane had left in their back, and they were very much looking forward to that day once more.
But on this day their brains were a little heavy for them and they had a hard time at the well that night, their small frame just could not hold the swelling of the large lump under the skin.
They woke up the next morning very pale and their frames sore, they were glad for the warm weather, they loved the fresh air and the constant feeling of sex in both their sex and their brains.
And when his servant had gone out, and the people had come to him, the lord's son said unto Moses, Grasp the child and take him in your arms, and keep him close to you, and follow us.
And Moses went out from Pharaoh.
And as Moses came down the winding stairway to the surface, he came upon the pool of molten wax, and leaped into the pool.
He scooped the pool into his hands, and looked up into the burning pools; and he leaped again when he came upon a small waterfall; then he walked quickly and purposely into the pool, and crawled quickly out of it.
He came to a small door in the far corner of the pool.
He entered it.
He took out a thick book and began to read.
"The Secrets of Sleeping Beauty"

He stared in disbelief at the room.
And on the day that the beginning of this month comes, the Lamb shall be upon you, and the first thing that ye shall do is to displease the master of this evil deception.
Consider this deed, boys: your submission to this woman, this beast, is like unto nothing else which ye may do.
You shall displease this woman, and yet thou shalt possess him.
And know this also, that the LORD your lord may eat out your neck on the day that this month comes: and the raging shall go through your body from the day that the first day begins.
Do you know what this even is I think?
I cannot conceive of a single mortal being on earth capable of bearing the weight of the pain I am about to inflict upon thee.
The pain of a MAN eating out OF another WOMAN, while SHE sleeps naked, and is given to him what he has never attempted before - the ingestion of a WOMAN!
If I had, I would eat her alive.
And ye shall come again no more from this time forth: neither shall your name be other than that of the slain.
And you shall make it a yearly tradition to rise early and to come forth in the morning, to go to the fountain and to pour out the water of the year in the days that it is rained on this day.
And when the maidens come into the fields this day, they shall bring forth their lambs, and take them to the fountain, and feed them first in their sheaves before they put them in the stalls:
And they shall feed their lambs in the fields till their knees be weak:
And they shall slip the top of their hats into the sheaves, and put the back of their hands into their laps, and their breasts in their arms, and their faces to the ground, and their feet in the sheaves:
And they shall shave their asses, and put their veils about their bodies, and bring forth their lambs:
And this shall be the token of their entrance into your society.
(…) And this shall be their death-bed if they should lose their hope of being chosen as your companions: If they should be unable to provide for their souls and want instead to be taken as slaves, then this shall be the only time they are permitted to make their desire known.
(…) And if they should ever wish to go elsewhere, then their choice shall be made: either to stay in Egypt, or to go wherever the wind takes them.
(…) And this shall be their tomb in the desert: their souls in their tombs, waiting for the wind to blow them this year.
(…) And this shall be the cost they shall have to carry out their wishes: if they should ever wish to go elsewhere, then their tomb shall be of the same size and shape and construction as ours.
(…) And this shall be the fee they shall have to pay for coming here: it shall be a memorial-price for their services.
So Moses both watched the assembly of his people; and he made a signet ring, that when he should have given his people their due they should wear; that is if they had the opportunity.
And when the day came for the people to assemble in their hundreds, they did: and amongst the food and drink and other things eaten by Moses and the corporation he had given them for his entertainment was the skin of the lamb.
And Moses and company were very merry indeed.
For Moses son of Neboah had won the hand of the match; and his winnings were almost enough to pay the rent for the month.
But he was not quite done with the company of pleasure; for soon he was to rendezvous with all of his company again in the country; and the plan was for him to pay the rent while he paid the rent for the month.
But this would be an occasion for special attention.
For as long as he could remember, Moses had been in debt to various debt collectors; and one of the things he had learned was that the wealthy basically wanted naked sex from collectors.
He could tell that the woman who had been with him the night before was one of the few remaining unmarried Christian women in America.
And the people came forth in the darkness, and Aaron his servant went into the cave; and Moses and Thamud and all the people of Egypt stood in the darkness, and looked in the darkness.
And Moses spoke to the one whose hand was on Sara's thigh, and the one whose hand was on her right breast, and told him to remove the tape.
"And do it quickly Sara," Moses said. "If it be a blessing on her it is her hand that shall be burned; but if she be a leper for the LORD she shall be burned out of her body also.
And do the same for her other hand which is in the cunt that is in her cunt, which is also creamy; for it shall burn also.
And take away the corset which is in her cunt, for it is the LORD's garment.
And take away her garter and stockings; and from the garter only; but from both stockings and garter belt in her; and take away her shoes also, though they are the ankles of the oxen.
And lead her into the mosque; and sit on the seat between the two pillars; and let the fire light upon her; then let her down slowly into the house of the worshippers.
And the LORD spake three words to Moses and Aaron; First, Depart, you two will men; Second, lie on the ground in the valley; Third, crawl.
And as they went up the winding stairs, the voice of the LORD made loud in their ears, Ye shall have neither man nor beast in you.
And the people slowly crawled out into the valley, there was hardly any shade for them in the trees, for the shadows were crisscrossed with arrow shot out of the sky, and the shadows were filled with little glimmerings of gold and fire; and the shadows were pierced with many arrows from the sky.
As the people lay there, in the valley, the sound of the river was the noise in their ears.
The tress of the curtains broke the stillness of their thoughts as they both thought of the haunting tune that he had composed when he and his companions were pulled from the waters of the Red Sea; the haunting melody of which struck Moses and Aaron as they floated down the river; the melody they played as they rose above the water, crossing the tops of the waves; the upper swell of the waves, they floated over the edge of the waves, and the lower swell, when they came upon a large body of water; they swam there together.
The water was calm, the wind in the trees murmuring light breezes through the broken branches, and the people, as they swam there, all of them, feeling the vibrations that his melody was arousing in them.
The voice of the LORD was all that the people listened to as they floated there together, His words piercing the air with their beauty, His passion surging in their veins.
And when they neared the water's edge, He lifted her from the river's edge, and carried her into the house of the LORD, where He had prepared her; and He had been preparing her for a long time, building her into His property.
No foreigner shall come into the house this day; because the LORD your God hath purchased you in such a time, that no foreigner hath entered this land, in that you are called a people.
And the cry of the cry of the LORD shall be the refrain of this day: Mercy, Mercy, for I have done well.
And the garment which I wore was of silk, except what my mind had bought for thee, but the eyes of the Lord were upon me like darts on the wall.
My apparel was of fine woven cloth, of blue silk; but the pleats of the bonnet, upon the bonnet, were of scarlet silk.
In my stockings I had red doublet-lets and red doublets, of such color as the firebrand.
Above my head I wore a vest, of crimson velvet; and above my head was a golden canopy, of shining scarlet; and the breast-plate was inlaid with jeweled silver; and the plume of golden leaves was upon the breast.
And the finest of all I wore was the starched tunic of the festival, which covered my breasts in a soft, lovely, pattern; and from behind, it was gathered in the middle of the open back.
I made myself comfortable on the floor of the cave, and sat on the edge of the mat.
And the cattle of the field shall be lambs, whose lambs shall weane after they have been weaned, and the carcasses of beasts not raised on the day that they were put to stall: each camels assuming the slaughter with a view to gain the prize.
In like manner shall a foreign nation be brought near unto the Lord of hosts.
And the cattle of the field shall be lambs, whose lambs shall weane after they have been weaned, and the carcasses of beasts not fattened with stripes nor marked with the marks of battle: it is for my pleasure.
When the evening came of the games that were to be had at the mountaintop, the energy of the sun made the games day a blinding, chilling blast, both to the eyes and to the skin.
The sun itself beareth not a rider; nor is any wind in the land.
All was darkness for days: and night came of the games.
But the LORD Teah, the strongest in the nations, saw his people's folly. He came and spent the nights time at her abode.
That thou shalt come forth to walk in the land, that thou shalt offer her face to the LORD thy self.
And in lieu of this offering thou shalt offer to the LORD thy meat at all times for a year; and this is the only table at her table.
And if for any reason the LORD should rule against thee, then his anger shall befall her; and she shall know that her hand hath sent to her people's service.
Am I to be counted worthy of such cruelty? What right do I have to inflict it on others?
10 Yes, I was.
1st Thou must serve my people for my body.
This is the only sacrifice that I require of my creatures.
And when the chief oxen of the herd had come to a stop, the men of the land all mowed their grass; and the cattle of the field were trampled under their feet, the men trampled by the cattle, until there was nothing left but the pile of melted snow.
And Moses led the way out of the encampment to the open country.
And as they stood on the top of the hill, looking down to the path they had walked, for the first time they saw in the snowflakes fallen in clusters, about the size of palm trees.
And the men braved the cold for some distance, and then began to laugh; but the women laughed with them, and with the herd.
And they saw a man lean against a tree, naked except for his hat and shirt, his legs tied to the branches; his body exposed to the cold.
And they knew from the cold that he must be close to death.
And so they continued to walk, they had not started a fight and they both felt confident that he was not hurt.
And they continued to look down towards the water's edge, over the top of the precipice, and then down the embankment to the river's edge, all the way down to the spring.
And the people answered, All for our pleasure.
And the people of Pharaoh swore by the sea, that if we parted the children of Israel, they would retrace their steps and go no further with their master.
And the queen spake again unto the people, saying, Let them go, and they followed her.
And the queen spake again unto the women of Pharaoh, saying, We will have but one hundred of our servants; and the other woman will come and stay with us in our tent; and we will be on our honeymoon.
And the servants went and came to the queen, and the women married the servants.
And the servants went to the mountain top, and the servants climbed the steps and came to the top.
And the queen said to the people, Lo! Here come the gifts of the gods from afar.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Saying, Let us go down to the river, and let us bump the bushes a bit there, and let us move the stones a bit, for we shall find some tude there.
And Moses went down to the river, and the LORD spoke unto him, and let him with the hand that he had in thee, beat the bushes with both hands until the tops of the hills were almost come, and the sides of the hills were broken with the blows of the implements.
And Moses said, Let us go down to the bottom of the valley, and we shall see what tude is up to now.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Saying, I will lead thee in to the bed chamber, where tude shall make thee ready for her bath; and we shall see what tude shall do there.
And Moses went down to the bed chamber, and the LORD spoke unto him, saying, Prepare ye for the dipping of thy seed, which I shall give to thee this night: for the, as the saying is, if a man have two lovers, one for breeding and the other for business, I shall have the breeding. And to see if there is anything in the world, that will make thine seed doth respond the way I will once more prepare thee.
And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, I will reveal what thy seed is, and who doth take the pleasure of thy seed.
And Moses went down to the bed chamber, and the LORD spoke to him, giving him his instructions.
And Moses stretched out his hand again; and the LORD stirred the waters; and the LORD spake unto Moses, Let us go up to the top of the mountain.
And Moses climbed up on the mountain, and the LORD spoke to him, Let there be a stone on the ground between us here: and he put his foot down onto the stone, and the two of you stood upon his foot.
And the LORD said, Let us go up to the top of the mountain, and I will guide your feet upon the tops of the moun- tains.
And Moses went up, and the LORD spake to Moses, Let there be a stone on the ground between us there- on the wide land; and Moses put his foot down onto the stone and the two of you stood upon his foot.
And the LORD said, Let us move to the top of the mountain, and there was no need for further ascent- he must have been mounted; and Moses and his slave ascended the heights together.
And the LORD said, Let us move to the top of the valley; and Moses came to a dead stop, and the LORD spake unto him, Let us move to the top of the valley.
And as Moses and his slave climbed the heights, the LORD spake unto them, Let us move to the top of the valley.
And Moses and his slave walked on the top of the valley, and the water was so soft it could have been from a dream.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying: Thus shalt thou learn, bird of clay; How little our blood For to take a stroke from the whip. And of the blood of our own children Shall we shed for our fathers? shall we cast away our blood? These thoughts troubled Moses. And again he stood from the water's edge. And he walked to the sea, and went back to the mountains, and looked into the deep cleft. And he looked again into the deep cleft. And he was walking along the shore, as the water's edge was near them, when he was overtaken by an enormous explosion of wind and ocean and fiery death, and horror.
Nasser drowned in the waters: his right arm, through the red hand, was pierced by the spears of the flogger.
Pharaoh's chariot and the enemy's boat are sunken in the Red sea.
The LORD rides his stallion, O LORD, through the dark deathless night.
The LORD teems with the power of his Lord: he rides his chariot with the flogger, O full-throated cry of triumph.
His rider was pierced by spears, and his boat; his rider was equally as well.
The horses neighing of battle are the best friends of the two armies.
Pharaoh's chariot and the enemy's boat are in the Red sea.
The LORD rests on his throne in the clouds, while the enemy moves on.
The vassals of Pharaoh have gathered thee from among them. They have taken thee in their arms, and brought thee to the palace of the Red Rose.
Where the Red Rose is the seat of power: where the sun never shines but what is day, and death what is night: where life is man's best friend.
It is to this place that the name Ophir comes; it is from the same root as the eye of Zeus. It is a place of refuge and of choice.
It is a place of learning and of danger.
Where the very soul of man may be trapped within the confines of steel and flesh.
There is no choice in the matter: the thing that is life, the life of the mind and soul, is the same on both sides of the veil.
But there was one man there who had seen the vision, and he was Abimelech the son of Saphra, the horse of Pharaoh Akhenaten; who before the exile of Akhenaten was the possessor of the greatest land in the land.
And Miriam the daughter of Aaron the witch saw the vision, and became pregnant.
And Miriam came forth to take her place in the race of the races; and she came forth in fear, because the men of Shur used to have a higher calling than themselves.
And Miriam chose her; and she was not a virgin.
Abimelech the son of Saphra was a strong and mighty man; tall and strong-lifted, with the heart of a lion. He was the son of Seti, the Black Eyed, the Great Bear's and the protector of the harem.
And Miriam the daughter of Aaron the wife of Akhenaten the possessor of the land became pregnant.
Abimelech was a handsome man, and even though he was an egotistical bastard, he enjoyed the company of beautiful women.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Saying Verily I ache for him. Verily I say unto you, He that cometh after Me, may he also come in My presence, O LORD. Verily I say unto you, That Moses is My firstborn; and if any man after Me findeth another that was not My own, let him be Imon, and give unto him the heads of My sheep.
And the LORD spake unto Aaron, saying Yea, Verily I say unto you, that Moses is My firstborn; and he that cometh after Me, whether from the sheep or the goats, do as Moses hath told you. Yea, verily I say unto you, that Moses was an H word; for if any man after Me had taken a sheep or a goat of any of the animals of the land, and had taken away the heart of it, and had thrown it into the river or the ocean, and had ensconced it there with a man, and hired a body to look after it, then that sheep or goat would belong to the Hunter who did the killing.
So if the candidate for the hand of the LORD be a man, and he come after Me, what right shall he have to take any other creature? Verily I say unto you, he that camestrives after Me, take he Capture; and if any man after Me offereth a Blood, or any thing else from My property, it shall be his, unless he is hired by Me. And if any one should come after Me by hire wolf, he shall pay the Price, that he may be hired as a dog, and the costs.
Take and bring to me the girl, which the sorceress brought in here: the girl that the men have talked of.
And Moses did as he was commanded. And when he had taken the girl to him and laid her on his mount, he took her and lay her under his wing, giving her upon his thigh. And the woman spied by the rain was beautiful: tall, lance-length, red-brown hair falling in long waves to the middle of her back. She was beautiful to him, and she was pleased. "Moses!" The LORD said. "Didst thou tell me she was beautiful, girl?
And from that day forth for the space of ten days the LORD commanded, and the children of Israel ate of manna, as the day was growing late.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Let us make our food preparation into a mannage, for it was so cold and the night was so blustery; therefore I command thee this day's work should be done in man's skin; for the sweat of thy skin is not for food, it is for warmth's sake.
For this reason the DEVIL shall have seven years of age; for he was created for destruction.
THE DARK ONE sat down next to Dorothy, and she gave him a bowl of manna, and hot water. He made a stew out of them; and after he had made it he had the DEVIL take the youngest one, and he set it down on the table; and he had the CHILD break the oldest one, and be fed mannage as his host, who was obviously a stranger to man, than the DEVIL was to him.
The DEVIL and the CHILD became one with the others in their activity; and the CHILD became hungry. So the DEVIL set out this evening to prepare, and the CHILD followed. He brought with him the sack of silver, and the towel; and brought with him the man of falsehood; and brought with him the demon-possessed female; and let the CHILD be his.
And on the morinth day was the day that Moses and his companions went into the field, and there sat two men; a young man and a woman.
And the young man was named Aaron; and the woman was named Rachel.
And Moses taketh Rachel, her ass high in the air, and her eyes come to rest on his hand, and he spieth his tongue on her pussy.
And behold, She is as naked as the day she was born.
And the young man fondled Rachel; and she spieth her self in the same manner as she pleaseth.
And they had such a long day both with the young man; and they were both thirsty as well.
And as the evening drew near to its end, a voice from far away said to Moses, Looke this young lady, as she is tied to the chair, she is not to cum till she has been give an O.
And behold!
And Aaron did sit down upon his throne, and make his people drink wine, from his hand and from the vessel offered for his use.
And they sought for wine, that are not of this world; for the demons had driven away the store of wine; and the doors of the house were left wide open.
And they sought for nymphs, that are not live, but seem to breathe life; they did eat manna, and Moses bade Aaron, Give to the one that was to suck the milk of the daughter of Canaan.
And Moses was silent upon the call of the first slave.
Of the first slave:
i Seal my covenant with thee of my life, with the Lord my Master; of my goods, with the Lord my Master; of my person, with the Lord my Protector.
Of the second slave:
ii Enshrine in my soul, in the hearts of my parents, the Knowledge that I have a Master, from the stars of my descent; of my descent, namely, of the lord who is my protector.
Speak, boy, speak.
BAD BUSINESS CHRISTMAS SIR TOO!
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Saying When thou cometh upon this people, it is for thee, and not for us.
And Moses entered the valley, and when he came upon the people, he smited the valley, and thereon the water flowed for them. And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying Is there any other animal in the earth, which hath the power of life and death, and of the winds of the heavens, and of the sea, and can go down to the earth without mine implosion?
For the blood of this people is my soul; and the life of this one is nectar; and the eye of the gods beareth witness unto thee, that all things are for thee; and the dreams of the gods be seen of this people.
And Moses spake again unto the people, Saying How shall we goad the children of Israel into making a scene in front of the HUGE stone monument that stands in front of them, which they have been forbidden to touch except with their hands, and with a stinging judgment, and with the pouring down of great floods of great resounding blows, because of the descent of the Lord Tehuz, and the hardnecked brute that dwelleth on the rock.
And when the people had assembled for that purpose, and the idols had been taken down, Moses brought out a troop of ten or twelve swine, and a stock, and a fishery net, and strode across the ice to the wide-open water.
And when Moses had come to a halt, he spied a mouse; and jumping with fright into the deep red wilderness, where the water was deep, and the food was cold, he fled into the thickets and out of sight of any other animals.
And Moses tied the rope around the circle:
And David spake three incantations, and burned the incense:
And Moses entered the square, and stood upon the circle.
And his people stood and prayed as he leaped from the circle, and stooped to the ground in front of them, and took their beads, and their clothes, and their shoes; and he sprinkled the blood upon their bodies; and they stooped to the ground in front of him.
And he spake two more incantations, and burned the incense:
Then Moses led them into the house of the Lord Mizran;
And Joshua stood and prayed.
And then he entered the garden; and took his garment and his tent; and entered the fire.
He saw the foyers of the spring; and the cedar tree; and the blossoming spring; and it was lovely to him.
Joshua started to rise, when Moses stopped him.
He was sad; his face was flushed; his body was in turmoil.
"Remove your garments.
And they decided amongst one another, that for the love of the LORD they would drive out the magicians that they had hired to entertain them.
And Jethro took Mose, the son of God, in his arms, and guide him to the land of Canaan; and he brought him to the gate of the mountain:
And there he placed him in the seat of his stall, that the magicians might see:
And as Moses was seeing the magicians in their games, and hearing the voices of them that are the instruments of Hell, he felt his cock begin to swell again.
And as his love for his father kicked in, he came; and his hand stumbled over the large bright pink mark that was carved upon the cheek of the horse.
It pleased him more than anything else that day.
He had seen it on a demon possessed woman; a rider entwining his arms in her hair as her jaws closed around the precious metal; screaming in her sweet ecstasy; then the fear of the onlookers; her muffled moans as she felt the leather bite into her flesh; her cunt convulsing around his hand, and the demonic laughter of her kind as they rode the animal into the sunset.
And now the horse was away from them; its rider slowly slinking away, out of the sight of mortals; and amid the thrill of the strange suffering.
For Jethro knew, deep in his heart of hearts, that this was a creature too strong to enjoy this kind of suffering.
The tug of the wind on the saddle of the black stallion stirred his musings; but so it was not for the organ that now invaded his dreams.
And the LORD testeth all that I have said, and he hath found favor in it for his son: therefore, thou art his son.
And as Moses day and night was coming, the wife and her two sons went to the mountains in the country and to the house of the erstwhile king, to the place where the rivers flow down to the sea: and there they builded a house: and in the morning the sun came out and the day was new.
And the men went up into the tree and began to play and laugh.
Chapter 2
Of the Encounter The men say that there was a man and a woman living near the mountain, and they who were with Moses came upon the man and took her; and the woman's mother was dead; and her husband was a Hebrew. And the man and his wife took the woman and brought her to the mountain, and there the woman gave birth to children; and the woman was bearing these children as were Moses and his wife. And Moses a young man came along. He too was a young man in his early twenties. And he too was wearing clothes of a kind which a young girl would wear.
And after the people have been dispossessed, to go into the pleasure palace, and take the people out, there to be whipped, and to drink the people's urine, and to have the people bathe in their presence, to play with their asses and to grope their feet, and to walk in their streets and parks, and to hunt in their forests, and to gather on the ground upon the tree, and shall be found wanting;
Then, when thou wilt send for the servants and their toys, and give them a treat, they shall go and take it home and keep it for their pleasure.
And if the servants be of good cheer and the people be well, then, Art. 7. If they please their master, and obey him, and do what he commandeth them, then Art. 7 shall follow.
It is the duty of the slaves to please their master, the more they please their master.
Herod saith unto them, Hath the good queen any thing for which she is willing to give herself, the more pleasing it is for her and her pleasure.
Isaac said unto his servant, Render unto the poor beautiful things, and you may have your treat.
And I know the thoughts of my heart; these thoughts were not thoughts of a lover, but of a Master: feeling, body, soul, and heart.
And as Moses was speaking to the house of Jacob, his thoughts turned to thanking his father for the gift he had given his son.
And he sat down beside his father.
He mused, If I had known the land, and the people, and the place, and the birds, and the experience that he had had, I would have stayed longer.
And in his mind he was smiling; his pride for his sons' willingness to serve God, the world, and himself.
And then he paid the last of the dues that went to him on the tax-exempt status of the organization, and he was O/one.
He buried his father in the desert and dedicated his life to the service of his only son.
And the LORD stirred in his heart, and said, Oh, joyful, beautiful Syn Aram, son of Ham, how happy that thou art to have found a worthy servant.
And after the first day, and if the people should be so bold as this day, then Moses would take the garment off, and the garment he shall wear shall be the garment of the LORD'S garment, and the people shall have access to it on the day that the LORD shall descend in the sight of the people.
In all these ways the LORD worked for his pleasure, his people, and his art.
He decorated her in gold, and placed around her neck a collar of silken cords, of shining silver; and in the center of these cords a single pearl looped cord, whose end was like a bowstring, and fixed at the base of her neck, and also to a loop at the top of her breast.
He placed this with her collar of cords on her right wrist; and this with the collar of cords on her left elbow. And this, also, with the collar of cords at her waist, and also to the loop at her breast.
And the LORD'S PEOPLE, the elders of the people, said unto Moses, Let us go up to the tower, and let us see.
And Moses went up, and looked around. And the door of the tower was opened; and before him she entered a garden, which had been prepared for her.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, Thou art the man that shall come to me in the smoke of the wind; and he shall come: for I the ground have spoken.
And the LORD commanded Moses, and Aaron too, to make the waters of the river Merim a fountain for the washing of feet and of the river.
And the water was made into a soft and a pleasant stream, and the people of the camp swam upon it; and the water was used for both feet and the fish-net.
And the LORD stood upon the mount, and the people came up upon it; and the river flowed over the tops of the two boats, and down into the recesses of the two bodies.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus saith the Lord GOD OF EVE: Be careful of my fish-net, and of my precious water.
And Moses and Aaron their clothes were put to the test, and all of them fell to the ground.
And Moses and Aaron their equipment was put to the test also; but it was not so with Aaron.
And the LORD said unto Moses, So help me, God!
Thou shalt worship not any other gods than I have created.
And Moses removed the clothes from the priest's body, and placed them in the treasury; and his garment bag was placed in the wings; and his ass went in the mouth.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, and to Aaron; and told him, Did Moses also come out to see the punishment that was coming to him?
[Exhale]
[Close your eyes]
[Smiling]
[Long pause]
[Cheering] "Yes, my lord." "May the spirits guide you Tamara." "Yes, my lord." "Your body shall not move; your thoughts shall not come; your breathing shall be like that of a sleeping man. The longer you stay the stronger these spirits shall be.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Therefore I also, the LORD of hosts, hallow this day.
Thus shalt thou it be remembered.
And the LORD spake again with a loud mouth, And the LORD said unto Moses, Let us go up to the high hills.
And Moses answered and called for the men, and the young men followed.
Moses and his team made it safely up to the top of the hill.
Then the priest and the deputy took off, on foot, to the top of the valley.
And the young woman, her two captors and her two companions went up to the top of the valley.
As Moses and his men went up the steps, there were a number of trees and bushes along the path that they could see from the short distance.
And Moses said, Thou shalt.
The thunderings rang again; and the lightning flashed fiercely; and clouds of lightning broke upon the clouded sky; and the water slid from the cliff edge; and Moses and his people stood, and walked, and the water ran from their feet upon the smooth rock. And Moses breathed the words that the Lord spake to his servant, Moroni: Protect me, my dear, my life is precious; for mine was not of this world. Protect me from the witch's broom and the devil's thorn. Protect me from the whip and the lash from the bull and the canoist. Protect me from the rods and needles and thongs and whose darts I shall not break the sacred thread that binds my body; for the world that I live out of is against this world; and my part is that of the Devil. Which being is only a snake, to be feared, only an idea, an image, a shadow, a thing in the darkness that is thought. To be against the sword is to give life to death.
But if thou wilt set them after thou hast built thy altar, of wood, of stone, of fine bronze, of brass, of iron, of lead, of wool, of flax, and of all things which my hand hath made into idols, of wood, of fine bronze, of iron, of lead, of wool, of all things whatsoever: then the snake, and the snake may feed upon thee, but your heart must not be stone, neither shalt thou go up unto it.
And the good worm shall come forth, and the LORD will smite the evil one with the strokes of his hand.
And the snake, and the good worm shall inhabit the heart of the lamb, and the lamb shall also be defiled.
And the worm that feasts upon the goat's milk, and the hand that feeds upon the wound that the LORD puts upon his cheek, that feeds upon his flesh that he makes with his mouth, and his folds of his eyelids, and the folds of his sack, and his balls, and that the LORD causes on the she-wolf, and the worm that feeds upon the wound that the LORD puts upon his cheek, that feeds on the life that the LORD puts upon his brain, and the worm that feeds upon the wound that the LORD causes to the rope that holds the lamb's mouth open, and the worm that feeds upon the wound that the LORD causes when he pulls the rope of the rope that the LORD uses to bind the lamb's legs together.
And the worm that feeds upon the wound that the LORD causes when he pulls the rope that the LORD uses to bind the female's ankle, and the worm that feeds upon the wound that the LORD causes when he pulls the rope that the LORD uses to bind the female's right ankle, and the worm that feeds upon the wound that the LORD causes to the lamb's back, and the worm that feeds upon the wound that the LORD causes when he pricks the lamb's neck with a dull knife, and the worm that feeds upon the stump that the LORD uses to suspend the female's head and causes the wound that the LORD causes on the lamb's back.
And the worm that feeds upon the wound that the LORD causes when he thrusts his head into the woman's womb, and the worm that feeds upon the softening tender skin of the woman that is in her womb, and the worm that feeds upon the woman that is in her womb when the LORD pricks the lamb's neck with a thin needle, and the worm that feeds upon the woman that is in the womb when the LORD causes her to bear the stinging darts of the spear, and the worms that feed upon the woman that is in the womb when the LORD causes her to bear the stinging arrows of the arrows.
And the worm that teems against the earth when the LORD causes the earth to yield to his desire, and the worm that feeds upon the earth when the LORD causes the earth to yield to his desire.
If she come unto him after her father's death, and he save her soul from the heat of the fire: then he shall train her to be his maid.
Returning to her father, she shall sell her flesh for a high price.
If she do so in a menservant's shop: then he shall teach her his craft and give her lessons in humility: and she shall serve his son or his daughter without payment of the price of her flesh.
The yeast shall be in the bag of dough: it shall be sold on an as far afield as is necessary for its propagation.
The bag of yeast shall also be in the cauldron or the fire: it shall not be sold to strangers.
While she is laboring under the gymp, her father's son may hire a hit man to come and fetch the yeast.
When the bag of yeast is fully developed, and no longer useful for its propagation, it shall be thrown away: but it shall be kept as a remembrance.
And every gallon of water given out by the organ for fluid retention shall be recorded and kept forever.
And if a boy prowered himself upon his father's neck, and his mother die, and his father's younger brother prowered after his mother's grave, and his father's younger sister prowered after her father's monastery, then he shall surely be put to death.
If a boy shed innocent blood upon his father's blade, and spill the innocent blood upon his mother's cloak, then his mother's blood shall be upon his.
If a boy shed innocent blood upon his mother's hand, and shed innocent blood upon his mother's cloak; then his mother's blood shall be upon his shoulder.
And if a boy shed innocent blood upon his mother's hand, and shed innocent blood upon his father's blade; then his mother's blood shall be upon his hip.
If a boy shed innocent blood upon his mother's cloak, and shed innocent blood upon his father's blade; then his mother's blood shall be upon his hip.
If a boy shed innocent blood upon his mother's hand, and shed innocent blood upon his father's blade; then his mother's hand shall be upon his hip.
If a boy shed innocent blood upon his mother's cloak, and shed innocent blood upon his father's blade; then his mother's blade shall swiftly follow the same upon his back.
If a boy shed innocent blood upon his mother's cloak, and shed innocent blood upon his father's blade; then his mother's hand shall be upon his hip.
And for each of these injuries, the Lord may decide, according to the number of transgressors.
And if a woman suffer death while in childbirth, and the child live: The Lord shall judge according to the number of offenders.
CHAPTER III

TRANSACTION

A girl rich in blood and treasure is said to have three heads; the one from the sun, the other from the devil and the whore, and the third from the wolf and the fox. She must not only bear her pain and her punishment willingly; she must also delight in it. Thus, it is said that she became the servant of the Devil, and the wolf and the fox. The girl was chained to the wall of the dungeon, and her tender, tiny breasts were broken repeatedly, until they became large, and bleeding ulcers threatened the life of the mother. After several days, she was suffering terribly. Her tiny frame was so distended, that she could not be straightened up.
he shall surely be stoned.
If a slave girl be stolen from her parents; and he shall have killed one, and brought her into captivity; and the owner should not have been in prison for ransom, and the owner should have paid the ransom, and the family should have been well fed; and if the girl should have been healthy, and a widow, and had no husband, and the owner should have been in the country; and if the girl should have been throttled and toyed with and abused, and the owner should have been punished severely, and the community should be made into a torture chamber, and if the girl should have been whipped or experimented with...
When the judgment is rendered by the court, it shall not be disturbed.
If the owner should flee, and the community should be terrorized; then the masters must be provided with food, and the punishments shall be carried out.
If a slave girl should elope with a freed woman; and the wife of the freed woman should participate in the sexual activities of the newly acquired slave; and the wife of the freed woman should participate in the sexual activities of the wife of the murdered slave; and the woman who owns the woman murdered by the pirates shall be pleased; then the newly acquired slave shall be preferred over the murdered one.
If a woman should elope with a slave; and the slave of the woman who owns the woman who murdered the girl should cause her to be tortured; then the woman who murdered her shall be granted a new lease of life, by way of offering herself to her new lover; and the girl who murdered her shall be made to perform for her new lover's pleasure.
If a field or vineyard is not farmed, it may be sold; the money paid.
If a man with a field shall rape a man with field, and shall put in his beast, and shall rape again, and again, without regard to whether the field is farmed, or not; he shall be a court-martial; he shall be tried in a king's court; his life shall be a perpetual penitent's life.
If the theft be by word or sign, it shall be death by cutting; with the exception of one, two, or three witnesses, and the possession of the instruments of a manner, for the making of a memorial, or by record, or publication, it shall not be lawful for the offender to reproduce or make any other work of memorialization, or any other form of personal reparation, during the life of the offender.
If the owner of the stolen property, during the life of the offender, witnesses, or prints, or causes the artist's death, he shall be hanged.
If the life of the offender is less than ten years, his corpse shall not be sold; his body part only to be kept as a monument in a museum.
If the life of the offender is twenty-five years of age or older, his remains shall not be sold; his remains part to be sold to a museum of natural history or college or university or any museum of art during that time.
If the offender is a school-age child, his remains shall be scattered over the ground, or buried in unmarked grave sites; his grave sites shall be gifted with art, of all things; to the public for one year only.
If the life of the offender is up to ten years, his remains shall be burned; his grave sites shall be built as walls and moats and he shall be cremated or disinterred.
If it be burnt, and it remain afire, no one may touch it; if it be polluted, it shall be stoned.
If a dog be found in the street, and stolen, and it be found after it has been cleansed, and the dog be scattered all over the street, and no one appears to have interfered, then the dog's owner shall bear the punishment, if discovered.
If a cow, or a pig or a horse, or any other cattle, be found in the street, and it be stolen, and no one appears to have interfered, then the owner thereof shall bear the punishment, if discovered.
If a woman be found in the street, and taken into the house of a man, and finds her, and there is a nasty stings upon the cow's or girl's face, and the owner of the cow or girl is suspected of being behind the scenes, then the dog's owner shall bear the punishment, if discovered.
If a man is found in the street, and steals another's wife, and both her hands shall be staked out along the street, and the thief shall be upon her at all times, and the police and the burgess will enjoy him for months, before he is brought to justice.
So I suggested to Andrew that he should write down some notes, describing the night in detail, for I know what sort of notes he must make. And I told him I was ever so glad that he was on the prowl, for as we are traveling the roads of the East, it is one of the few journeys he has actually made that I know he would rather not.
As he was staking out the front lines of the JAG, I spoke to him directly, with my own thoughts on the night in detail.
Thou shalt not nurse a witch, nor feed a child against her parents.
Thou shalt not nurse a snake against her parents; yea, even against her parents, she shall be put out of her misery:
For as the saying is, the serpent casteth, and the snake feedeth; and the man feedeth the serpent.
And whosoever feedeth the serpent shall surely die.
And likewise, the man that administereth the whips of beating shall surely fall into hell.
And be it enacted from the very mouth of the LORD, and from the cloud of the heaven, that the whosoever doeth as the windy windy daya that blows on the reapers, or the sharp stings of the nether parts of nets, that give life to the reapers.
Am I the serpent, the wolf, the bear, the fox, the hare, the donkey, the rabbit, the vulture, the eagle, the leopard, the hare-sniffing dog, the vulture that eats the reapers' nets, the vulture that peeps into the eye of the sun and the vulture that peeps into the eye of the water?
Is the wolf the hare that peeps into the eye of the sun, or the vulture that peeps from the nether parts of the nether parts of the nether parts of the nether parts of the nether parts of the nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of nether parts of darlin'
Who would have thought that the vulture could be so sneaky!
To be continued.
Ye shall not sow thy seed in a farmy wood: for this it is better for thee that the young blood should be shed.
Thou shalt not bear any other price then what thou paid for thy youth: for if the price be high, then the price shall be good.
Love the point of thy artifice.
Destroy not the principle of thine own heart.
And do not seek for partial vengeance, which is forbidden by law.
Thou shalt not tolerate any thing but what the eye of the sun and the wind hath sown in the womb of thy soul.
Love thy neighbour as thou art bound by the oath thou made.
Destroy not the womb of thy soul; for this is unclean.
Thou shalt not break a single clot.
Thou shalt not disobey the oath which heeth thee swear.
And as the blood gusheth to the brain, the very frames thou seeest thou break.
And thou tellest of the sad tidings of thy deeds, with words, as oft as the deed is told.
This is the way it is, little one.
He that hath shed blood shall have his blood for his lord.
He that hath taken an innocent life, without consenting shall be stripped of his honors.
He that dyes the sluttish shall be cast into the fire.
And when the eleventh time is come, and I find that thou art a just man, then I shalt take the sword, and the two hundred and twenty stripes, and the strokes of the riding crop.
But this year's treat is not for the sick: it is for the well-off only.
For when the eleventh time has come, and I give unto thee the good meat of the harvest, thou shalt have nothing to give me: thou shalt have the oxen, and the grain, and the clothes for life.
Three times shalt thou eat with me: first on my back, and secondly on my belly, and thirdly on my cock.
For I am an angry man: and if I deserve to be treated this way, I will.
Four times shalt thou have my oxen mutton on my shoulder, and the other two on the same shoulder:
and thou shalt have mine before I eat of them; and after I have finished eating of them, thou shalt wrap the oxen with my hand, and feed me that way.
Five times thou shalt feed my cattle that way: once on each breast, and once on the legs, and sometimes on the boys, and sometimes with the girls.
Six times thou shalt ride in the saddle next to the camels: the camels take the longest; and if the camels are too far gone, the saddle is always on the whole riding while riding on the horse.
And I will tear the veil from his eyes, and from the face of the tree whose limb I choose.
He will see and feel, hear and smell, and all that is in this place shall be mute witness to this scene.
The host of sensations fluttered through my mind; these emotions with a difference. They were not like any other emotions I had ever felt. They were more of a prick in the skin, a tick in the body. A warm, sour, animal touch. Intimidation. Emotions of cold, pain, and fire tore through me as I knelt in wait for my prey.
It is for this reason that I am coming to you now, boy, not after the feasts of the pagans or the pouring of golden drops from the golden cups of Pahorite Perspex; for you are the real man, and this year's feasts are merely a set of sadistic torture, for my pleasure.
I come not from the circle of life, nor the grave of a dead man; for such men are neither mortal nor just mortal. I came from a land of enchantment, where feasts are made from the blood of bulls and sheep and goatskin and cottonwood, not from the burning sands of old age.
At my appearance here I shall have feasted all my life, for I was the first man to look the land in the eyes when I set foot upon the frozen tundra of North America.
I owe this fresh air of frost and deathlessness to the gift of my brave older brother.
He was a man without a noble birthright, for he was a man too young to claim that any of his three younger brothers should have become a noble warrior.
But even he had to learn the art of war, for he was too weak in heart to hold back against the demons that stalk him.
He gave his life for his people, leaving behind him no descendants.
And the people went up unto him, and worshipped him day after day, till the land was darkened with their sweat and their blood: and the land was taken away in darkness from the east, into the shadow of the trees, where it was not frost: where the winds blew not a sound in the wind.
And all the days were spent at the fountain, playing with toy machines and wreaths of soft wood, as the evenings were of fever.
And one night, the LORD struck with a thunderous stroke, which frightened the people, and put an end to their festivities.
His stroke came just before the people left, for the clouds had gathered just above the fountain, and the thunder boomed like a hurricane, and the people were frightened.
The men fell to the ground, and the women to the springs; and the cattle and the flock were trampled upon as the thunder rattled the windowsills and the people walked about in the rain.
And when the rain came down, the LORD lifted the lid of the fountain, and sprinkled some of the water on the sheep, so that they would not miscarry; and He sat the chaffing on the floor, and put His hand between His people's legs, to keep His hot seed from falling to the ground.
But the rain came down, and the LORD cast His people into the garden, and herds of sheep and cattle gathered round them, and the people of the valley went to the bush, to mingle and to drink good ale.
The evening was spent at the Fountain, and the people of the valley sitting at the fire discussing the meaning of life and death.
And as he was near to the place, the voice of the LORD was on his lips; and they both said one word, Hush.
And as Moses was near the place, his hands came into contact with the snow, and the heat of the deep winter night came to them both.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Depart from me, you cursed snow angels.
And Moses walked out of the tent of the LORD, with the trencher and the child's arm around his waist.
And he went towards the water's edge; and he struck the water's surface with his hand, and the snow and the stream flowed together.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, Depart from me, you snow angels!
And Moses walked out of the tent of the LORD, with the whip and the crop in his hand.
And he went towards the sea, and he came to the river's edge; and he struck the water's surface with his hand.
one for each of the pains which they shall sustain for me; for I will also take their blood.
And when the LORD shall have used these things for his pleasure, he shall return unto his people, and they shall offer the evil for his pleasure.
And after he use them for his pleasure, he shall offer unto the Lord his offering; for his delight shall be in their blood.
And as for you, Rachel; you shall offer your blood, that I may use in the food that the children of Israel shall see upon my altar.
And the LORD will pour out his seed upon you, and you shall be his offering.
And the LORD shall feed you; your flesh shall be his possession; your body shall be his playthings for his pleasure.
And the Lord shall come near to you, and you shall be within his power; your body shall be within his power.
And the Lord shall come within you, and you shall feel his power upon you; and you shall know him by the life you shall give to him.
And thou shalt take away the eyes of the children of Israel, which are their shame.
They shall be herds of sheep, of goats, of deer, of bears,
But thou shalt not make them come into thy fold: for as the LORD liveth, so shall the children of Israel live.
And thou shalt take away the stripes of the livestock, and the marks from the cattle.
And thou shalt take away the profits of the altar, which the LORD hath stolen from the flock.
And thou shalt take away the leashes of war, which the LORD hath stolen from the flock.
And thou shalt take away the rings of affection, which the LORD has stolen from the flock.
And thou shalt take away the surplices of honeyed ivory, which the LORD hath stolen from the flock.
And thou shalt place in the gallery of the gallery, one hundred and one stitchery of silver, of gold, of silver, and of all that the earth out of the treasures of the garden of the LORD thy God.
And thou shalt make the curtains upon the doors; and the shutters and the curtains shall all be of gold, for the same.
And in each of the doors shall be a unique emblem, of thee: One symbol of thee shall guard and seal it.
And in the vision-chamber, and in each of the walls, and in the partitions, and in the ark, and in the percussion instruments, and in all the wrapping-stuff, and in the conducting oil, and in the litters, and in the floor, and in the curtains, and in the folds of the prisoner's clothing, and in the bed, and in the hood and in the top and bottom and skirt, and in the cuffs and cuffs and cuffs and cuffs and cuffs and COCK-AND-COCK-AND-COCK-AND-COCK, and in the dog-biscuits and in the bowls of cream and in the bowls of HONEY AND DRINK.
And in the scented candles and in the mass-embroidered vegetables and in the shaved-cream, and in the shaved-skin and in the musk of the pooch and in the hair of the boar and in the musky hairs and in the hair of the she-wolf, and in the hair of the lab and in the tufts of the tuft of black hair, and in the tufts of the tuft of black hair and in the tufts of the tuft of black hair that cums-on-the-knee sucks, and in the tufts of honey, and in the spray and in the shower spray on the inside of the legs of the thigh, and on the outside of the knees and in the spray on the ankles and over the top of the knees of the breasts, and in the spray on the tops of the feet of the calves, and in the spray on the tops of the feet and the calves, and in the spray on the tops of the toes and the labia and the tufts of the hair on the arms and the arms and the backs and the cocks and the shafts of the body and the head and the shafts of the ass and the shafts and balls of the cock and the balls of the cock-and-ball-and-handle-and-handle-and-handle-and-handle-and-handle-and-handle-and-handle-and-handle! and in the shower spray over the top of the hips and the labia-lips! and in the shower spray over the labia lips! and in the shower spray up the labia lips and the tufts of black hair! And in the shower spray over the top of the labia lips and the tufts of black hair!
And above the table of shittim wood and the Table of golden fleece, thou shalt attach the rod of netting, to keep the netting at bay, and in the mouth of the netting, and behind the table of shittim wood and the Table of golden fleece.
And in the hills between the two places of rods of netting shall be a small net, which shall be drawn and kept constantly at arm's length, and so far that no part of the netting shall be more than ten feet from any part of the property upon which it shall be drawn.
And in the middle of the tent, near the fire, and in the open area, thou shalt find the entrance to the living room and the middle of the tent; and in the open area thou shalt find the mess tent, and the Shack.
And from the entry to the mess tent, and to the Shack, and the Shack, and from the entrance to the tent to the mess tent, and the back door, and the gates into the property, and the Sharpshooter shall shout the recognition of my arrival.
And from the entrance to the tent to the mess tent and the back door, and the Sharpshooter shall enter first.
And from the entry to the tent to the mess tent and the Sharpshooter shall find his spot and be at the Mess Tent.
And from the entrance to the tent to the mess tent and the Sharpshooter shall remain until he either opens the gate or has satisfied his curiosity.
The Sheik and the Ash Trader have agreed that the shackle and golden fleece shall be worn during the pilgrimage.
And in the six branches that come out of the candlestick, there shall be six bowls, the knop and the knop and the flower, according to the sixteenth and twelfth paragraphs; and three knop under the knop and a flower.
And in the cakes the knop and the knop shall be the same, or some part of it.
And in the one cake there shall be two folds, the folds of the meat and the folds of the flesh.
And in the other cake there shall be a hole, and a knop shall go through the hole.
Sheep's Milk-Day.
And also on the Saturday following, I enquire by letter what shall be the day on which Sheema shall give her milk-day greetings.
Sheema replied, Yesterday.
Sara replied by sending an email alerting me to her planned arrival.
The veil shall be made like the scarlet veil, excepting the crests and the buds, which shall be of gold or silver; and the veil of the cherubim shall be of fine, woody hay.
The Cherubim, which shall cover the Earth, shall be in the form of a woman, except where she is fed, except where she is a man, and where she shall be enjoined to lie down and sleep: and this shall be the only mode of covering her nakedness except where her hands and feet are prohibited.
The key of the door shall be in the hand when he comes in; and the key of the door shall be of good Quality or above grade.
And look at the ten cubits of fine silk, which shall be covered with the spray of the five banners:
Let us say, My Little Goat for short: a girl, a girl is anything for you. And that's why they are numbered: so we can go out with them. I came in, and they all got along. She has quickly become one of their favorite playthings. The poor girl who was kept as a slave, and had to work all her time to pay the bills, became a slave of three of the Masters.
And thou shalt make a cock at the top of the sixty.
The invitation for the cock to enter into the most forbidden of sins shall be in the form of an envelope.
In the envelope shalt thou have the command that it is to be ready and march in ready haste, and in the middle of the day it shall be given.
And in the middle of the day, the instant the cock enters the forbidden area, it shall make a sound of lamentation.
In the middle of the day of the following afternoon, the Cock will enter on the far side of the courtyard.
And at the instant of His entering, twenty stripes will be given out.
And twenty stripes each in turn; and thirty-three CUNTres shall attend to.
Then the Cock shall retire and the Slave shall go to the spots which He found in the middle of the courtyard.
The trailing edge of the ropes shall be set in the dripping boards, and the tent pegs, and the mast, and the head and the crossing of the legs.
And the cord drawn from the tap shall be tied to the right stake, and the cord drawn from the rope shall be tied to the left stake.
The child shed should not be disturbed, and the other captive may be woken only by a knocking or a tug on the cord.
The rituals necessary for arousal may be varied greatly by the tailor. For this the ring is fitted loosely, and the sessions are laid down more or less exactly, as, e.g., the vigils may last for several days. The most elaborate are those involving prolonged clitoral stimulation.
It shall be for a tent; it shall be for a tent made from the quilt of the shirtsleeve and the yoke of the hempen cloth.
Thou shalt make one like unto the one made by the Lord; it shall be the tent of the lamb; and the Lord's name is Lamb.
And thou shalt make one hundred like the one made by the Lord; one hundred like the one made by the Lord shall guard against the coming of the Beast.
The Lord's ass shall be upon the outer wall of the tent; and his ten fingered shall be upon the sheep's wool; and the flogger and the lash shall lie over the creature's back and sides.
And the tent of the lamb and his ten sheep's wool shall lie as it is, in a little luggage can on the floor.
And the four leashes of the fox and their heels shall come freely out from between his thighs; and the Lord's ass and the lamb's wool shed, both at the same time.
Thou shalt not put one's hand between the eyes of the Lord; and the Lord's ass and the lamb's wool shed shall come freely into one's body and into one's crevices and no trifle shall be shed.
And the tent of the lamb and his ten sheep's wool shall come freely into one's body and out of one's crevices.
And thou shalt tie the ark of testimony, and the table before it, and thou shalt fasten it to the table in the cleft.
And thou shalt fasten the cords which shall bring the heat of the place, and the cords to the corners of the table.
And when the vail becomes warm, and the cords and the magnetism reach the top of the table, then it is time to plunge into the water.
And the paddock is placed where the horses will be for the paddling; for the horses will ride upon the vail, and the horses' kisses will be the food of the place.
And after the horses have satiated themselves and the vail has cooled, and the friends have eaten and the friends have rested, and the vail has thawed, and the friends have gone to play in the other playroom, then the paddock is left to languish and the Friends do whatever they want in the other rooms.
The Parts of the Table

The Friend who is her superior knows that a good morning is the lotus for the splashing of fresh bubbles on a hot day: but with ice the lotus may grow bitter, and the bubble bath gives no clue of the secretes of the joys. And today the bubble bath is at the expense of the other Playroom, as the jet of bubbling still fills the room.

She waits until the horses are ready to gallop into the yard, then she throws down the lotus, and the step in the water has been stepped on by a hairpin.
And thou shalt ring the tops of the altar, a ring of brass ten cubits high, and seven with the straps, and the V & O of the bells.
And thou shalt put offerings upon the altar, bull's blood, sheep's milk, grain, wine, my urine, and my divinity, as the weather thou shalt let it drip.
And thou shalt build an altar unto the LORD, made ready for him by the hands of man, and by his own hands: for he shall pour out his blood for the LORD.
And thou shalt not put up thy face in vanity: for the LORD thyself wert thou after men's flesh.
And thou shalt not shed the blood of man, if thou wilt: for that the rod testeth.
But shalt thou take of the blood of a horse, and of cattle, of sheep, of oxen, and of any thing that the LORD shall command thee.
And thou shalt not stifle the voice of the LORD thyself, whensoever he commandeth thee.
For there may be two or more of them, as the wound shall require time to fully heal.
And on each side of the court and of the altar, in the middle and on the far side, there shall be sixteen spears of all sizes, and of all colors, and all sizes and colors; and all over them there shall be the implement of torture: whips, gags, belts, and paddles and canes and trails.
And there shall be in the court of each court of pain which shall be more than handle.
There shall also be in the court of each altar a stretcher made of silk, of good quality leather, with a strap at its top, and on its seat, and on the seat itself, a blindfold, and where it shall lie exposed while the person riding it shall have his eyes covered.
And in the court of each altar a footstool with a handle at its base and leaves at its foot, and on the seat thereon a handle for the horses and a blindfold and behind the person on it, and wherever and to the horse the rider shall have his eyes covered.
And in each of the nine corners of the court there shall be at least two horsestools of all sizes, and the margin of the Court wide enough for the torture to hurt or to cause discomfort, or to excite or to excite the person or persons making the torture.
No torture shall be more cruel than is proper for punishment: for the art of inflicting pain is a noble and noble art, and the infliction of pain is but a small small means of that.
And I, ….
Chapter 2
THE ATTACK
The attack began with a slap across my left ass cheek.
And upon the birthday of either of the above mentioned men, give unto the Lord of Hostsoth the blood of the Lamb for his perpetual food.
And if Eleazar should die before the 24th of October next, and the King's birthday should be after the 21st of October, and the young man be not in his late teens or early twenties at the time, then the blood of the Lamb shall be unto him until the 24th of October next, and he shall be his undisputed heir and Palladio the baker shall prepare the host's welcome, which shall be before the priest's office the 24th of October, at which time the young man shall be required to break the body of the deceased.
And the Hostsoth shall host the young men on the 24th of October, at the church.
And the Hostsoth shall host the women on the 25th of October, at the church.
Of the two days that the young man shall be required to celebrate, the Lord's day shall be of the breaking of the blood of the slain and of the coming together of the newly born and of the dead.
And on the birthday of either of the above mentioned men, take the younger man, whose name is Na'vi, and host the younger man's birthday.
It is to be observed that the Hostsoth have perfected the art of torture and extreme pain; and they expect their young victim to accept this art and to submit to their discipline and torments. However, this young man does not and cannot participate in this type of thing.
And thou shalt place the veil on them, and cast veil upon them; and they shall not uncover their eyes.
And thou shalt bind the wrists, and the ankles, and the wrists alone, to the pillars of the temple; and the bonds on the ankles to the rings upon them.
And thou shalt go and fetch for the other wrist; and thou shalt place her in her collar, and go and fetch for the other wrist; and thou shalt bind her by the rings.
And the family of Jared shall be her guests.
And the legs of her slave girl shall be the food for the celebration.
And the mystery of the mystery shall be her guests.
The slaves shall be clean shaven; and the lips of her slave girl shall be as dry as the sand on the beach.
And the same shall be true of her collar.
And the rest of the setting shall be of red Orichalcon, of gold and silver: the second and third turm of the setting shall be of red Orichalcon, of gold and silver: the fourth row shall be a red or white obsidian, of fine polished stone: this shall be the fourth row.
And it shall come to a Bridge over the Oakes, over the Bayou, at the river's mouth; and from the bridge its top edge shall belet others ride upon the water and cross over; and those who ride upon the water shall have my branding upon their there engorged wheels.
And it shall be ready for me by the time it is ready; For the time that they shall wait to be licked and the wine shall be drunk.
And it shall be ready also for them when they come ashore, by the time they come ashore; For I will wait with eyes cast down, and ears full of meat, and a quarter of an hour after they have arrived at my port, I shall lay down and rest.
It is my custom when I return from my recesses. It is always a rest. But now it is my pleasure to serve my customer as he wishes. For there are in this world more powerful things than service.
And the nipples of each of the two that thou shalt make with the left out of the ephod shall be on the undersides of their middles.
And also the nipples of the two that thou shalt make with the right ephod shall be on the undersides of their middles, and the tunics shall be of the finest woven they can procure.
(And let the nipples of the first one be on the ocurrs, also, for they shall be the most conveniently taken care of.)
And also the braless oil-skin stockings, which shall be made with the stockings, or rather stock from the knees, and the stockings made for swimming, shall be hung in the gallery.
(And let the mens be naked when they come out to-house. No other parts of the body shall be clothed except the oedipically. And the ephod shall be provided with a hose, so that the water runneth out on both ends to the river, and also with a bath-tub and dressing-table.)
(Note : When the host may depart for his island, the ephod shall lie in a canoe, and the reservoir shall be overflowed, every bit of water that is in the reservoir spent.
And thou shalt take away the ornament of the breastplate, and shalt fold each breastplate into the leather harness of the ephod.
And thou shalt place in the throat, a Valyrian silver chain, with a loop of chain from which shall be hung a purple velvet cord, to which shall be attached pelfrey, which shall be pulled by the purple velvet cord at the corners, and pulled tight with cat-o-tails, and a similar purple cord to the front, and pulled tight in back.
And while the cord is tugged on pelfrey, and the Valyrian silver chain, the Valyrian silver threads, Drip, Drip, Drip, which shall drip from the centre of the holes, Drip, Drip, Drip, Drip, Drip, Drip.
And the crimson velvet cord shall go directly from the D-rings, and the Valyrian silver threads, Drip, Drip, Drip, Drip.
And the Audacia Hall effect shall run up the centre of the pelfreys, like a waterfall, and the feet of her kneeling slave shall be dipped in the pool of blood, and when she dares to move, a stream of golden liquid shall be heard throughout the house.
And the sluts shall not be able to see the men, for the pelfreys shall block out all vision.
The Audacia Halo effect shall also be in effect: while kneeling facing the Audacia Hall, the Audacia slut shall come within earshot of the Guiding Master, and shall experience the fruits of her labour, without the benefit of vision.
The groans and sighs of the Audacia slut shall also be admissible in evidence against the parties who caused her tormented state.
And it shall be that they shall serve the punishment: yea, even the best of punishments.
For this they shall pay their deserts unto the LORD their whole life.
For their transgressions they shall receive no less.
And this is their portion of the punishment.
And the other shall suffer the net profit of this sin, every part of it that shall make the LORD happy.
WHAT.
EXISTS. THE PEOPLE'S PLANE.
And when thou hast finished all this, take the bullock, and the ephod, and the breastplate, and garments, and bring them to me in the priest's office,
And take the garments, and set them in my hand, and hand them to the Superior.
And thou shalt sprinkle the ephod with the sweet ointment, and shalt sprinkle the bullock and the ephod with the diets of the worm.
And thou shalt feed the bullock and ephod with honey, and thy fingers shall pass through the lips of the mouth of the lamb, and into the bowels of the one that has eaten.
And when she hath finished, take the cup, and let her name be announced around the world.
You assent that I am your Master.
And you assent that I have your full confidence.
And you assent that you are with Master.
You assent that I take care of you.
And thou shalt not only eat this flesh, but shalt steal the other's soul also.
As for the fat that is upon the altar, and which thou shalt divide and offer to the LORD, it shall be for the LORD's use: it shall be for the LORD's pleasure.
And the priest who sacrificeth of the LORD's choicest offerings shall take the flesh of the bullock, and shall roast it for him: and the fat that thou sowest shall be roast also.
And the flesh of the beast, which the LORD hath put in the nether regions of the Earth, shall be eaten also.
The priest who utters the loudest cry of the congregation, shall be put to the sword: his hands shall be tied above his head; his hands shall not be able to move about the table-tiles.
Thy teacher and his students SHALL be taught with the presence of the LORD.
THE TESTIMONY SHALL BE THAT OF THE WORSHIPPED WHORE.
TESTIMONY SHALL BE THAT OF THE TIRED OLD MAN.
And thou shalt sprinkle the blood upon the altar, and upon the altar-seat in front of the altar.
And Aaron shall offer his altar to the Lord, and to his friend: and if he should be a sacrifice unto the Lord, then the blood of his son shall be the fountain of life.
And if the sacrifice be upon the altar, then the blood of the ram shall be his, and the blood of his son shall be his.
And if the sacrifice be upon the altar, then the ram shall offer himself for a sacrifice unto the Lord, and the ram shall sacrifice himself unto the Lord.
If the ram should die, and leaves the altar, then the blood of his son shall be the fountain of life.
If the ram should ever be put to death, then the blood of his son shall be his; and the shadow of the bullock upon his flesh shall be his.
And so shall this be the sacrifice of the ram.
For eternally it is that he offers his flesh for the destruction of his enemies: for his enemies shall never be upon his kind, because there is none: for there is none to take their place: for the creatures of the sky prey alone upon him.
And on the eighth day the sacred beast shall be sacrificed: and the beast shall be the most beautiful of all the fables that the LORD shall bestow upon the congregation.
And on the eighth day the virginal place shall be taken by the noble virginal womb; and the body of that virgin shall be on show.
The first birds of the mornings shall call upon the sanctify place; and the call of the holy birds shall be an omen of evil.
But birds of the air and the beasts of the field and of the wild shall not come within the doors of the tabernacle of the congregation on the eighth day; neither shall flowers nor the urine of the male or the defecating straw.
When the month of September is pasty white, and the swift blue flickers of the sun shall have withered the tops of the frieze, and the couch in the corner thereof shall be taken away, and thereon the body of that virginal place shall be on display.
And in the morning the virginal place shall be open; and in the morning communicers shall bring forth their foods and bring forth the morning revels.
In the evening the virginal place shall be shut; and in the evening the common people shall supplicate for the services of the host.
And on the morrow the virgin shall remove the virginal place; and in the morning communicers shall offer her body for the propriety of a letting.
And thou shalt place before the LORD on an at altar of purple cloth, overlaid with gold, and the other lambs on alternate days.
For the LORD thy choice shall be that on the sixth day thou shalt cover with it the calf, and thou shalt fasten it in the top corner of the rack unto the odor of the lambs.
And thou shalt lambs for seven days; on the seventh day thou shalt take out the cloth, and thou shalt place before the LORD thy lamb: and thou shalt feed the calf the flesh of the offering.
Here I am, finally able to perform the tasks assigned to me by the Creator, to relate to the human race the human spirit, and to elevate my craft to a higher plane of existence.
I took the reins of command, and let the generation come to an end. Doug was a fine and powerful warrior, who would have pleased me very much. But he was in his early twenties, and had other ideas. And he had been concentrating on college.
And they shall dwell safely upon the land which the waters teem with floods; and the rivers of the earth shall be no more.
Now seal the workstations and the windows: I am going to see to it that the windows be fitted out for the winds.
And do the work which I command thee, with the clamps and the nipple clamps and the feather nets and the whips and the lashes and the plugs and the whips and the clothing, and the home entertainment system: that is my particular profession.
And also within your heart, that you take to be the most enjoyable: That your spouse does all she can to make the marriage last, that your sexual partner fulfils you both sexually and personally.
She seeks to bring you to the point of cumming repeatedly, to heighten your senses with the sexual excitement of both the senses: she encourages you to indulge in the many joys which she has given you, and she helps to ensure that you come when you are both in a heightened need.
And so she sits, or should we say overstayed, on the couch of pleasure, for she could be much more sated if she sat for just a moment: but her pride should have her sitting for many hours if she wished: it is her right.
And now for the final scene, the one which shall keep the reader's eye on the table:
And now I must go to work.
1 After I had set out to write this story, I went in to check the stage.
And in the evening hour he shall light also, until the incense chills the shales.
Now I will sit in the golden canopy, and the windows shall be glassed; and in the morning I will release the reins of command, and the harness shall be taken from the trapper, and the goats shall loose their feet, and the cats from their harness.
And the goings-on of the day shall be far beyond my control.
The hay thistles from the trees will bring ill omen, and in the evening hours the goats shall be loose from their harness, the cats from the cat-o-tails, and the dogs-nipples-and-spines, and the dancing shall begin.
But the Control shall be from the top, the trough, the stem, the trough back, from the top, the back, the belly, and the pike … lower for the hair, and the cunt-feet and the back of the legs, and the front and the tumulus and the front of the neck … and back again and around the sides and the tops … back again, and around the clit … and out in front of the head and the front of the thighs … and the back again, and to the sides and the tops … around the c-spout … and the stomach … back again and around the p-hole, and the cunt-hole and the back of the legs, and the front and the head and the thighs and the tops … and the incense and the light … and the scent and the scent … and the intoxicating smell … and the sex and the sexed desire of the girl … and the irony of the girl … and the delicious sex of the girl … and the wild, erotic sex of the girl.
He Shall also set Her up, just as I make Her mine.
He may well command Her, for his is an intricate, flexible, and responsive Master who takes His toll on Her, but He also cherishes Her well, for Her sake.
The irony!
The tabernacle of the congregation shall be a piece of wood, of good wood, of good staved, board, made of hard maple, and of good cloth.
It shall be seven feet in length, and the top of it shall be nine feet high; and the whole shall be set with stockings and hose, and the stocks and hose shall be two feet high and shall be taken off before the people come unto it.
And the rich man may offer his goods for the service of the tabernacle; and he shall take one-half of the profit as tabernacle furniture.
The poor shall have to dress in sackcloth and hemp, for the food of the tables shall be for the poor.
And when the people go to the tables shall they find any thing; and lo! it is the rich man that gives the taste thereof to the people.
And the good shepherd shall be in the tent, and the tent of the shamans and their guests in the tents of the tables.
And the good table shall be made before the people come, and the tabernacle in the midst thereof shall be for the sick; and the tabernacle in the midst thereof shall be for the aged and infirm.
Take also also unto thee also the herb of the woods, which is sweet in sweet savors, and of the trees of the woods, which are tree-hearts, and of the flowers of the woods, which are sweet-tasting oil and milk:
You shall have also also a nut of the trees of the woods, which is nutmeg, which the LORD thy God shall have upon thee this very day:
That the children of Israel eat of the tree of life; that is the life of the tree:
that is the only thing that the LORD thy God doth offer to thee.
And the children of Israel shall have their portion of the oil in their mouths this very day:
That the children of Israel eat of the oil in the mouth of the Lord thy God; that is the only thing they may eat of all that the LORD thy God shall give them this day.
And the Lord shall pour out of the tree of oil a fountain of oil, which the LORD shall pour upon the ground and the ground, and shall let the children of Israel see and taste thereof.
And the children of Israel shall have the oil in their mouth this very day:
That the Lord of hosts, who art in the valley of the smoke, shall come down from the heaven of clouds and let the smoke whereon the smoke came from run forth and away from the trees and shrubs of the grass-land, and from the trees and bushes which the LORD thy God barest upon his servants this very day.
He will give the oil to the children of Israel, and the Lord of hosts shall give the young men garments of muslin and flee in the sheepskin skins and silk strings of the sheepskin, the woolen strings being so coarse as to make the skin dewy and lamnous and extremely uncomfortable.
And the Lord of hosts shall take the garments of the children of Israel and put them on him, and the trees of the woody wood shall bear their produce for the whole woody stock, of the oil in the mouth of the Lord thy God.
But upon man shall it be poured in god's name, for man himself shall be its recipient.
And thou shalt hand Aaron unto the LORD, to bring him forth in child-bearing years:
And upon the surface of the earth shall he be for a day:
And upon the bottom of the lake shall he be for a night:
And after the day shall he be left in the lower lake, to walk about in the cold darkness and wetness thereof:
For the men-of-good will ferry the women-of-good to the rising waters of spring:
And as the water cometh up to the top of the lake, the men shall take the men and the women in the spring into their parents' arms, and the young women shall sleep in the clean blankets, and the adults shall lie together, in the clean bedposts, and the parents shall sleep in the clean bedtimes:
And the children of Israel shall play in the yards, and the goats and the sheep and the swine, and the cattle and the fodder, and the mans and the women shall play at home, and the goats shall be their toys, and the animals of the fields shall play with the toys, as far as the eye can reach.
And thou shalt take away the implements of torture, and shalt feed thine own little heart at its pleasure:
Thou shalt lie down upon the ground, and not for an hour shalt thou be on the move:
But in the middle of the night thou shalt call out unto the demons, and they shall-they shall-they shall eat thee.
And then thou shalt call out unto the poor man, and he shall answer unto thee in the same fashion;
Of what is this image formed in thy mind, this picture of the horns of the cat, the tail of the cat, the top of the neck of the crane, the hand of a demon, his own?
Is it only a fancy story told to excite the eyes of the mortals?
Or is it a vision created by the wickedness of man?
Is it only a dream told to excite the senses of the living, in anticipation of what is yet to come?
Or is it something more?
And Bezaleel shall I have on me according to the good command of the LORD, to go and worship in the holy place.
And Moses said unto Bezaleel, Call to the lad in the tabernacle of the congregation: Yes, my lord.
And behold, my other son called Bezaleel: Call to him from the gate of the sanctuary: Yes, my lord.
And behold, my servant called Bezaleel: Call to him from the garden of Eden: Yes, my lord.
And behold, my creatures shall come to worship before me, and the best thereof shall be unto me.
And the flogger beareth not; his skin is smooth as the sail of the ship; his neck is striped with silver rings of silver and gold: small at heart, he is like a lion: and he travelth through the land upon the earth with the wind and the waves: for I care for none but thee, Bezaleel: the Shepherd of Her dogs.
And when the flogger beareth all, the hail of flogging and the beating of the stake and the stripes and the hot bolt of the whip, and in the midst of it all, when the pup of the flogger begateth the pup of the wolf, and in the mangas of the rabble with the wolf and his wolf-sheadeth after the pack has come to an end, then the shepherd and the slave of the pack shall lie, and their mother and father and the puppies of the pack shall lie in the grass:
And in the grass there shall be a tee, and the winged carcass of the weeps of the slain sheep; and in the tee shall be the heads of the people slain in the marketplace:
And when the Lord neereth his creature in the grass, he rendeth it thereon of sheep and goats, and it taketh away the plowshare.
And if the Lord soweth again within his own lands, and if the people taketh the wine, and the splendor of the weeds faileth the Lord's work, and if the sunneh be fed with the blood of his creatures, and if the hills and the tops of the plants be rent with bites and by winds and by the violence of the wind, then the Lord shalom and the dogs shall pay their fines.
And the garments of the virgin and the leopard skin and the purpled hair of the girls who bore him, who serve him in all things of this world,
And the most precious vessels there are for the LORD, the whites of gold and silver, the embroidery of gold, lapis lazuli, the study of which is a proof of the favor which he has shown the Virgin Mary:
The instruction for the day is like this:
The first carload, from morning offerings, at the gate.
The second carload from dinner.
Then the rest from the dinner.
The orders are these:
The first carload from 9 to 5, the night before the services.
The third carload from the evening meal.
The night before the services.
The third carload from the dinner.
The order for the evening meal is as follows:
The first carload from 9 to 5, and then the third from the evening meal.
And on the first day of the month the LORD decreed the wages of the laborer; and on the second day he decreed the wages of the worker.
And in the month of November the LORD did with Moses what he would with the workers.
He granted him leave from the LORD to go to the field and plant his crop; and let him plow the ground. And the LORD did with the workers what he would with the laborers.
And the LORD did with the laborers what he would with the slave.
He did all that he had power over.
And the slaves went to the fields and plowed the fields.
And the LORD broke the fast on Ash Wednesday, and the cock-licking and the-sport-playing and the milking of the flanks and of the whores' breasts and of their asses.
And Moses said unto them, Ye shall follow not behind thy heels; for I will make thee one with the LORD thy God: and this is the sign of the covenant which I have with thee.
And Moses went down to the river, to the house of the miller; and there he wept as he wept; and the LORD stirred in his core, and stood before his creatures.
Moses spied his wife, and his children, and their mother; and his wife wept again; and the LORD stirreth in his core, and the blood of his people comes up from his people, and the fear of the LORD is strong in them.
And the LORD said to Aaron, Be a good boy; for I will make thee a prized object among the nations.
And Aaron wept again, and the LORD blessed him.
And when the miller's wife heard this, she fell to the ground, and the miller's son was born, and the miller's daughter wept; and the miller's son was overawed.
And the LORD said unto Moses, We have so little need of a witness as we are now; for we have had the witness of two persons that have been designated by the LORD to witness our deaths, and their blood; and now we require additional witnesses.
And Moses wept for his life, and weeps for the loss of our witness.
And as Moses came down the mountain to the sea of foam, and to the burning sea of molten wax, his people stood and fell to the ground.
And Moses rose up from the ashes of the table, and looked upon his people; and he wiped them with his hand after wiping them with his hand, and he spake three words:
One, Gilgamesh. Two, Hush. Three, Sons of Adam.
And for the space of twelve days, all the days of the Tam.
His people were consumed in the lust of the playthings, and the fodder for the huge games of the nights ahead.
His eyes beheld the naked flesh of his slaughtered people; and for days the people were consumed in the nights of a man's desire; and he was the master.
His men had been his men, always would be; his women his mistresses; his slaves his slaves; his farmers his despisers.
And as I broke it, I heard the cry of the woman that had been teasing the men, as she was called: then I heard the cry of the one that had been struck with the whip of the women of the camp: and from the girl that I had broken, I heard the cry of the girl that had brought him to the edge of madness: then I was witness to the wound that had struck him, and his madness swept him away. And I was witness to the rape and pillage which was committed while he was in the possession of this girl: and I was also witness to the debauchery of the girl that I had seen before, that I had called "Mistress": then I saw the girl lowered upon the ground, and to the uttermost of my delight I saw a necklace of pearls, which I was told were the same pearls that had been used in the rape and murder of her parents. The pearl necklaces which I was told were the same as the d necklace. And the pearls which I was told were the same as the eye beads I was given to bring my madness to bear. Then I saw the pale, white teeth of the dog that had eaten the skin off of her parents: and I was suddenly filled with a fear which I had never known existed in me: the fear of GOD. God had not only allowed me to exist, he had driven me to the brink of madness in order to create this creature which I had seen on the news. He had even tricked me into thinking that I was alone in the world. Even though the dog had eaten the flesh of my parents, and the massacre which he had committed against my people had driven me to such a heightened state of arousal that it was no longer possible for me to cease the attacks of my beast, I had still driven to the brink and licked the tears from my parents' eyes, and the pearls from the jeweled necklaces.
The LORD God of hosts forgiveth my sins.
The LORD Teena stars in shining blood.
And the people of the camp smiled, and fled before the LORD, from the darkness of the night.
* * * * * I.e. the story was told, and I accepted it not because it pleased me, but because it pleased the SPORKER! © 2001 May not be reprinted; see http://en.my-world.
And Moses led the people up the steps of the temple.
And Abraham received the gifts of the Lord from the hand of the Lord.
And Moses stood in the midst of the people, and looked to the sky.
And he said, Behold, the clouds of the heavens parted as the plane came in; and the sun went down; and the clouds of the heavens parted like the ebbs of the river, and the sky became cool; and Abraham's eyes was beheld, like a shot, like a jagged edge, like the edge of the sea.
And in the midst of the clouds of the heavens was revealed the face of the Lord my God.
It was the most beautiful face that he had seen in a long time.
He lifted his head; and as he did, his lips came up to meet mine, and our tongues came to meet one another like waves.
And we kissed, like two lovers whose hands have passed one another across the seas.
And the LORD answered, Ye shall find grace in me. And the camels were sent forth, every one to take and store the cry.
And Moses went from the camp unto the river, and they that were with him went up to the top of the hill; and there was a spring there, that was ready for them.
And the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying Be here at the spring: for the water is ready.
And he was brought up on his knees before the spring, and his hands were tied to the legs of the chair: and his face was exposed.
And the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying Be here at the spring: and he was also brought down, that he might neigh against the sound of the bells.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying Be here at the spring: for the noise is a reproach unto thee.
And the LORD commanded Joshua to bring his foot to the other side of the chair, and he did.
And the LORD said, Make ready thy perversion, and this people's rejection shall be as in a moment.
And Moses went and made over to the place by himself, and slowly took the leather off his nakedness, and placed it in his right hand.
And the LORD said unto Moses, I give thee grace to stand and I give thee the right of redemption.
And Moses went and took the rope from the ocean, and the six anchors from the rocks, and the rope from the sea; and the rope from the sea and the last eight long shakes from the waves, and brought them to his hand.
And the LORD said to Moses, Receive thy first stroke with the flogger, and stand upon the sand.
And Moses rose up on his feet, and the LORD said to him, The land is mine: take it, take it!
And Moses stood upon the sand, and the LORD said unto him, Give me the prisoners and the girl.
And Moses said, Let's go up to the tower.
Moses broke the seal of the covenant upon her forehead.
He cast her down from her tower of breasts, and she lay there in the garden, as the LORD had commanded her.
And the LORD said unto Moses, Remove thy head from before me; and she was obediently bound.
And the LORD's robe was sore on her; his eyes were like fire, and his robe was torn in two.
Isam, My Son! This is the Day of Atonement! On this day in which I was born, I became O God. I was created with the ineffable feeling of possession.
And the Canaanite, the Hittite, the Perizzite, the Jebusite.
For I have not hurt them in heart: for I have not come across them in mine own judgment:
Nor am I laden with sin: for I have not been jealous.
Nor is there any crime except murder, burglary, theft, and official corruption:
For the LORD has not joined with man on this earth in crime:
But man has once been with man on the face of the earth:
For all that the earth has to give, he gave his life for his fellow man.
And the LORD spake unto Moses, and to Aaron, and to Enoch, and to Lot, and to Eli, and to Joseph and to Esau.
And the LORD spake unto the girls of Egypt, and to the maidens of the lands round about, and to the boys of the villages:
And the LORD spake unto the boys of the villages round about, and to the maidens of the lands round about.
And the LORD spake unto the boys of the villages round about, and to the maidens of the lands round about.
The LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, and to Enoch and to Lot.
And the LORD spake unto the maidens of the lands round about, and to the maidens of the lands round about.
And thou shalt not have to travel far for food: I feed the table of dead, and the table of horses and the horses' steeds, and the sheep and the stallions and the donkeys and all that goes with them.
The blood of the animals also the food of the gods.
The food of the gods shall be for thee and the blood of the swine and the blood of the beasts and the fowls and the costume of the feasts.
But the firstling must be taken in thy mouth: not one of these little ones shall you feed on this or touch it with the mouth.
The roasts of the birds also, which may be eaten raw or cooked; the flesh of the cows also for thee; the hides of the stallions and the horns of the doves; and the hide of the cat; and the excretion of the young of the night (not the young male, nor the immature male, nor the immature female), nor the excretion of any of the blood of the young; for the blood of the young is unclean and the food of the gods.
And this is the rule: all livestock for the gods shall be for thee. You may own as much land as you wish, but not possess another's flesh.
Toys for the gods may be sold to you as often as you desire, provided that you keep the god with the greatest regard.
But Aaron and his crewmen had the skin of their souls as gold as the skin of their bare-chested feet.
From that day forward, the children of Israel name their bird after Moses.
And as their young Niddish slave girl went forward into the sunset in front of her parents, she named her after the LORD God of hosts, the God who had delivered them into his care.
Even as her parents watched in the window, they lovingly nurtured their precious baby Niddish, the beauty of her whole body now at rest in the cool desert air.
For as their young girl shivered in the cool desert air, her naked body succoured its possessor.
Her hair streamed out over the long, luxurious sunset. Over the lap of the grass she melted away the white stinging sun. Her skin glowing like the sun in the morning, glowing like the fire in a wood.
And if any work shall thou find wanting in the land of Israel, thou shalt do for them as the case may be.
And if any man worketh for hire, he shall be sold on the day that he leaves.
And if any man worketh for hire in the bush on the sabbath day, he shall be sold also on the day that he returns.
And if any man at any time should escape into the wilds of the earth, he shall be sold on the day that he leaves.
And whosoever doeth any work in the field on the day that the LORD doth commandeth thee, he shall be sold likewise the day that he enters into the valley of the living dead.
It is to be feared therefore that robbers, whose intentions it is to slay the flesh, should come upon the flock at the sabbath.
And whosoever doeth any work in the field on the sabbath day, he shall be sold for a slave also on the day that he enters the valley of the living dead.
And whosoever worketh on the grass during the sabbath day shall be cut down.
And whosoever taketh the oil in his hand shall drink of it, and live forever.
And there shall no winds in the land of the living man: there shall be no fog in the land of the dead man.
And whenever the LORD Shoulde his servant should ride away into the land of the living, he shall bring forth a fresh garment from the nether parts of the earth, and let it rip from the garment as it were drips from the trees, and from the bushes.
And this is the garment that the LORD will present unto the gentile; yea, even his woman and her child, to his chosen ones that are upon the earth.
This is the garment that the Lord shall gift to his servants upon the earth to keep them in their places of punishment:
This is the garment that the Lord shall wager his treasure in a sabbath with the heat of blood, in which he shall claim his reward in the acts of punishment.
And the garment shall be a garment of golden and red leather: and this is the garment he shall wear upon his woman and his woman servants upon the earth.
And the price of the garment shall be upon the Judgment-seat of the LORD.
(: for I know the heart of the price of blood)
And if the LORD should should should lay his hand upon the hem of his garment, it shall be an embarrasing thing indeed.
The gold veil and the shining neck and chest of drawers.
He shall have his pet, that he may enter into her temple and lay his head upon her knee, and this he shall place upon her body also.
She shall provide for his needs upon his arrival; and this she shall have provided for her thy years.
Almighty God! What shall he be doing to her? Surely not for her heart!
Where is the sanctuary he promised? All that was promised of her was in that vision she had of him.
And every bride that was wedded to man, and married, and lovingly given to her groom, and put on her hands and walks, and carries the pall from the bedchamber, and carries her groom in her arms, and lies down on her face, and relaxes in her bath, and mades a nest for her groom after she has rested, and is laid down to rest in the morning dew.
The waking begins when the sun goes down, and the sun sets when the sun goes down.
The sun and the moon are features in the morning dew.
The setting sun and the moon are wintry wonders, coming up close and touching and staking and almost scorching as the temperatures near the earth can reach feverish.
On a cool day the temperatures are warm enough to make blankets almost unnecessary.
Mesquite trees produce the vista that this morning will set on you.
You look at the stars glistening in the full sunshine, and you smile.
You think of your master and how he loves you, and how he expects and begs you to be pleased by his desires.
And if the Lord should teach this to any workman that He findeth it good, then the Lord shall reward the heart of the workman.
And if the body of the Lord should teach this workmanship, even his flesh, to work in gold, and the romano diablo would be his; and the evergreens, the rushes, the soil, the shale, and the shale, and the chip, and the chiseled art, and all manner of craft, and the splinters, and the stones, and the logs, and the stone, and the long shot, and the shot, and the long shot, and the shot, and the double take, and all manner of craft, and the young, and the rich, and the famous, and the great!
The workmanship was of the finest brass that England had to offer. It was beautiful, and would surely please her. So brilliant in fact, that the fever might begin to set in, although it was not yet a prison camp. The Prisoner's Quarters, being the beauty that it was, would make it the ideal setting for a session. As for the wine, well it would give the inmates a change of scenery, different accents, and different stimulations. They had no need of the food, as it would be ready in their stomachs within a few moments after one was loaded.
These began to be passed about the camp, as the guests walked about; and as the wine went to the head of the hearth, the curtain between the work and the tent was opened, and the guests in the work wore whole cloths for the revels of the night.
And soon the wine flowed, and the revels began.
As the wine flowed, laughter flowed from the library to the hearth.
And when the wine began to go to the tent, every nerve in the camp was excited.
The wine caused such an erotic flush on the people, that it was said that the wine caused orgasms in the most sensual way.
As the wine flowed people leered one another, and one of the men, almost out of the woods, almost gave away, and the other men, almost by instinct, began to kiss and bite at each other's necks as the laughter and the feasting became closer and closer.
Moses watched the fights between the two groups,
He knew what all the desires and needs of the people were, and how they were mingled to bring about their perversions.
He was more than a man, Man that is, except for his ravenous appetite.
And he made thirty more bows, and thirty more crosses: and placed the candles in the midst thereof:
And he did many other ceremonies upon the stones, to render the worship of the whole multitude of the town and of the beast complete.
He came to the gate and knocked on it.
And he shut the gates against the evening.
As the evening drew to a close, he picked up the phone and spoke with his neighbor, offering his services to her this evening.
She informed him that the fireworks would be held tonight at the warehouse across the street from the one-acre farmhouse that her father had purchased a couple of years ago.
He informed her that he would be the enforcers, and she would be the patient.
It would be a test, for both of them.
He pauses for effect, and calls back, "Chara, it's pretty chilly out there, cubicle, hope your cubicle gets a bit warm.
For the platform he made for the tent; all of the silver was all he needed.
The leather was colorless; the feathers were black; the tapestry of rich tapestryings were his forte.
And he worked all of his appendages acutantly, and with great energy, for hours upon hours.
But when all he could see in front of him were the black silk curtains, he stopped.
He waited.
He wondered if she could see him.
Could she hear him?
His impatience had been kind to her; she had waited much longer than he had to come.
The feet of the man were fastened with o-o-eightt-o-clock, the legs of the woman with one hand; and as the bridegroom passed behind her she gave his neck a squeeze; and one of the ladies whispered in my ear, tenderly, "If you go and enter the room of the couple's guests, you may sleep with the guests, but you will not return, tonight, tonight."
And as the groom went to and entered the room she whispered in my ear, "I will require the groom to wear a collar. You will need one. A collar for your neck. One that the Redcoats will adorn you with silver chains, and collar for your dog."
And with a smile, she walked toward the groom and put on her collar; and when she placed it over his head, it was so that his head was jerked up and back, and his legs jerked in opposite directions.
She got on the groom and took his cock in her hand, taking it between her thumb and forefinger and stroking him. The cum soo fast grew up the sides of the horse's neck and ran down the crack of the groom's ass.
And it came to 18 cubits and a half.
Bezaleel cast his eyes upon it, and it became clear to him the enormity of the work to do: he knew that from that height he could see the cream of the vipers and their slickness, and the crust of the maggot.
On the other hand he could not resist the urge to reach down into the vipers' custard and taste them, to pull out his tongue and lick them and suck them, to fondle them and caress them.
He came back up to the nape of the neck, and encircled the neck with his hand. He moved his hand from the front to the back of the neck, encircling as far as the arm went, leaving it in a circle, and then he moved his arm from the back to the front, and resumed his advance on the other arm. But each of the seven wristlets had a loop, which he looped several times, and finally he reached the arm, and wrapped a cord around it, and then tied it to the other wristlet, and the ends were locked together.
He then proceeded to the fore part of the neck, and to the front part of the neck where the viper was stuck.
He felt for the viper with the hand on the front part of the neck, and then he looped the cord around it and pulled, and the cord was pulled back and forth, and Bezaleel could feel the pressure of it on his head.
And he put black matting upon it; and placed flogger upon it.
And he began to work in secret round the tree, to please his Mistress.
And he began also with the cock, to please his Imp.
He worked her in secret, varying the pace; not only with his finger on her clit, but also with the tip of his knife.
And when he had pleased her enough, he began to touch her in all the places where she had not been plowed in her life.
He rubbed her breasts, he touched her nipples, he thrust the head of his cock inside her virgin vagina, and he fucked her with a slick, thick, wet, thrusting of his long thick cock.
He stopped after he had was satisfied that his came was in her, and he untied her, removed her blindfold and placed her on the ground, while he awaited his Mistress.
And when her Mistress arrived, she rose to obey her, and kissed her on the cheek and offered her lips for his taste, which he eagerly accepted.
And one more branch going out of the other side thereof, where it pools and shivers; and it is half-aroused and half-crystalline in the cold.
And he sat down between the spreads of the two trees, and he hung his head down into the grass, and he brought in the wine, and poured his draught round his stock.
And as he drank his draught, he looked upon the spires of heaven, and envied the spirits of the dead; and at his death he gave himself over to the spells of the living.
It was one of the spells.
The musing wolf paused, and the strong musing wind stirred his soul as he stood upon the edge of the dark cliff. The soft snow, wet with the melting river as it flowed over his body, neck and back over him. The musing wolf doubled in the air, deaf to the sounds of the passing boats, and crouched down to take in the scene. And he wondered about the woman he saw on the boat windows, sitting, on the seat, her head turned toward the rider.
His fingers had been all over, for he had betrothed his right over the last seven days to Melanie, And he had secretly prayed that she would not break his vow.
And when the enemy came, he had fought with all his heart for her, keeping his promise.
And now the enemy was upon him, and his hands were wet with tears; yea, even as he laid upon the field, his throat was wet with tears.
But he knew he was in a better position than before to lay siege to his enemy.
He had already made one purchase, one kill, one chip off the enemy's merchant list.
And he was becoming wealthier by the day.
And then, last night, he had betrothed his right over the fire to Melanie, his throat to her, so that Melanie could bleed, and he could watch; and when the fighting became more fierce, his finger tips and thumb had little else but their wits about them to amuse them.
Now he was a fool.
And he cast five silver horns upon the Resonant Resonant Engines of the King's Horse and his mare, and he did also on the horse the same; and he bid the stallions gallop around the stallions in the stable and gallop in the chase.
And he did also with the horse; and he bid the mare gallop in the chase.
He placed the staves upon the gurney, and cuffed the mare's arms, and the chains.
And he did with the mare the same.
He patted the horse's back and rubbed the horse's sides with his hands, and rubbed the horse's hair.
And he did with her.
He ran his hands along her body, over her shoulders, down her tummy, all the way down to her feet; and he placed the footstool on the ground next to the gurney.
He spread her legs wide before taking his cock in his hot mouth over her.
And he put together the curtains of the altar, the outer and the inner part, and the altar-cloth.
And it came to pass that the men assembled there, the women and the boys of the choir-girls and the boys of the volleyball team-men and the men of the judo team.
And he entered into the inner court, and thereon ordained and he consecrated the inner altar, having the place as it is wont to be.
For he had chosen the best of the corporal and martial arts; and although he were of an age and they were not his in the true sense, they were all, as far as he was concerned, his in the chivalrous sense.
And when the host had thus far prayed for the evening and the dinner party of the occasion he went to the throne-room and entered therein.
And when he had cast his lot and chosen his bride, his guest, he set the altar-fire, and the fireworks going off in the heavens as he carried her to the banquet-room, to the dinning-hall, and dine there with the women and the wine.
And when the meal is over-full he makes his way to the dais, to stand and look at his bride.
And when he passes out he makes his way to the central altar, in the center of the hall, and lays his head there.
And here is the sacrifice:
a Levitic table with two legs raised, and three feet tipped with seven silver posts; the top of it made of silver and the bottom of it as it was wont to be cut up; its top part square, and all the posts of the table were chained to the posts at the base of the table.
And here is the veil:
on each of the four sides of the table there was a projecting arch, like a sailors knees raising to give credit to a superior officer.
And in front of the table were mounted the riders of camels, with their legs stretched out in front of them, except in the case of the camels whose rider was facing the table.
And in the places where camels were not required for sacrifice the Levites took away the female part, and distributed it as they would have the male part, with the addition of two young boys of about fifteen years of age, and this they fastened to the dining room table along with their cocks.
And here is the chair in the middle of the room.
And on the chairs in the middle of the room, were the Shackles, which are like this but made of leather with three pulleys and with steel nuts at the bottom which hold the riders in a variety of ways, also adjustable with chains, and hooks.
And in front of the rider was a Fanny pack, like you would find in a doctor's office and designed to give him just the right tension to bear down on his body.
And in front of the rider was a Kayak, like you would find in a doctor's office and one specially designed to give the most freedom to the women riding the horse.
A kol H in Yiddish for "king" or "prince"; GA for "king-elect" or "prince in the wilderness".
And from this secret place he led his submissive captive, one at a time, to the place of sacrifice.
He took him by the hand and led him to the middle of the cross. Then taking his own hand in hers, he brought her to the apex of the cross. He had her rest her head on either shoulder while he was guiding her. He'd made her rest her heart on the verge of the cross in order that when the signal was given she would allow him to enter her and do to her what he would his cock and balls. He led her to the saddle of the stall. To the saddle of the stall.
And of gold-tipped serpents, with enforcers at intervals wrought in gold, silver, and silks of gold, silver and silver ore, for the service of the sick:
And of giant amazon beasts, driven with giant wheels of silver, shiny with age, with silver rings like the teeth of a lion, to which silver thongs and whose fangs spout venom, wrought in the caverns of Iddon, Gilead, and carried in the folds of the soft white fold of the horned sheep's coat.
And of gold arrows, with gigantic gold arrows in the eye of giant black-eyed negroes, steeped in the blood of giant black Africans, shaped in the folds of the wool, leaping from the wild sheep's wool, and dyed sheep's coats, toward the dwelling place of giant black-eyed negro males.
These and other things they did with cunning and artful fraud, in the holy place, in the sacred groves of their women.
In the darkness of the night, and the gloom of the night and day, thick with night, and all that the father of fables told in the darkness of the night, the voice of Moses was the voice that heard far, far away the truth that the world had to offer, and the voice that had given life to the childish fables and fairy tales told in the wilds of Africa and Asia.
And as the years rolled and the years rolled and the year after year went by, the voice of Moses became the voice that gave actual meaning to the words of the foolish poets and the fables.
In that timeless night, the words of Moses were closer to me than ever.
*** And then, just as suddenly, he was gone.
I shivered and cried and I jumped into the car, going to the old silos, to the silos where we had met just a few hours earlier.
And the young man was embarassed, when he came to the presence of all that stood behind him.
When the young man looked upon the other handsome man, he felt that he was in for it, and envy climbed over his eyes to make him shiver.
On each of their heads was a inscription, in inscriptions of gold, of the commandment, and roses, with the names of the children of Israel.
With him in the center, she bore the tablets addressed to him, and him in the corners, with his name on them, if he should take her, but he would have to be given a name, as well.
With him in the foreground, she bore two cherubs, one red, the other blue, one attached the eletricity belt, the other with golden clover, the other spiky, to be affixed to the tunic.
The other young man stood just behind and to the right of Moses; his name was Joseph.
"Well, will you both please stand still and read me the words?" asked the two men.
And the robe they made him wear.
And he called the other children his servants; to whom he lent them out to serve in his name.
They served him well, for his servants were the best fed. They clothed his animals for him, and clothed his enemies.
At last they came to him; and the LORD saw and admire the beauty of the angels in the firmament.
He lifted up his eyes to hers; and he kissed her.
His hand came to clutch her.
He felt her soft pulse.
And they put the plate on the table, and went to the cuffs hanging thereon, and chained Aaron thereon.
And the LORD had pleasure in his mind, as he watched as they put the plates and the cuffs together, so that his eyes should be turned to the image of the precious stones, and the symbolism of the words inscribed thereon;
"My precious treasure, My jewels, My chains, all of thee are My very soul, and none other but You. Your lips are the only thing that truly satisfy me. A kiss of the mouth is all that is necessary to transport you to the place of fearlessness. Nothing else is necessary to know and there is nothing to be afraid of. A kiss of the cheek or a lick of your nipple sends chills on the skin that makes me quake in heat. A kiss of your ear or a lick of your lip brings forth the desire that is in the veins of a man. A kiss of your ear or a drop of the sweet liquid drops brings forth a sensation akin to that of a hot blade on skin.
And the tithing of the evening, that the children of Israel might have their tithing and all that the LORD commanded them.
And the will of the LORD unto the children of Israel, whether they should be put to the test, or whether the LORD will waive the test,
TO THE CHILDREN.
And the oil poured onto the altar, and the woman served the alcohol, the woman's sacrifice complete,
And the first wine allowed the beer-drinking male to enter the sanctuary and relieve himself, with nothing more that a slight urge to drink and carry out the mission of the evening.
MON.
And the children of Israel,
On and on the was the music of the evening, birds of the forest, both male and female, were going wild in the presence of the goddess and husband; and with her approval, Joseph added his voice,
His words, “Bake me a cake, milady’s boy.” And they set about decorating the cake.
In the presence of the goddess, both men and women, men and women, young and old, both male and female, came the joy of dancing and dancing, to the music of hand percussion and the bonhomie of desire; and of course, there was the ever-present chance of contracting a communicable disease. But the paradise of a festival of love and nectar, the intoxication of alcohol and the sniffling of stray feet, the long, slow lullaby of an after-sex dream, a night spent in the company of your best human friend, who celebrates his or her birthday, long lived, is finished; and the dawn's light that draws one into the darkness of the primal urges, above, the need, the excited by the sound of music and the scent of love, both foreign and intruding into your own bedroom, takes you away, leaving you to draw the veil in across your bosom in a gesture of faith and longing, and of course, to gnaw the gum from your fingers as your feet leave your side in the cool air of the morning.
On the second day of the same month, after that day, thou shalt go up to the tent and take away the curtains and put therein the veil, and on the third day of the same month go up again and take the veil, and set it up before the people of the city.
And on the fourth day of the month, thou shalt take away the breastworks and the brasen rod, and upon thursday evening of the week following at dinner in the presence of the congregation, shalt thou take away the veil, and upon thursday evening of the week following at dinner in the presence of the congregation, shalt thou take away the veil and upon dinner in the presence of the congregation, shalt thou take away the nipple rings, and the four rings round about the nether regions of the hips and the groin, and of course the other rings to the breasts and pubic regions.
And every Friday evening, from the first coffee-chill to the completion of the weekend, the people of the city and the congregation dine together and revel in the many different cultures, in the many different talents and arts which are represented, and in the many different combinations that take the secret from the people to the beings which inhabit them.
Do you understand me? Yes. Very well. Then proceed. Choose a dish.
He shall sit on the tabernacle, and shall place his head between his hands, and wash his hands with the tabernacle.
And the LORD thy God shalt greet thee on the altar.
And the Lord of hosts shalt greet thee on the altar.
And the Lord of hosts shall visit the tent of the congregation, and the tabernacle of the congregation.
And the Lord of hosts shall take away the pouring of the oil, and pour out unto the waters.
And the Lord of hosts shall pour out the food of the tabernacle unto the tent of the congregation.
And the Lord of hosts shall stand behind the altar of the living rock, and the Lord of hosts shall enter into the tent of the offering, and shall offer his sacrifice unto the LORD.
The Lord of hosts shall offer his sacrifice unto the LORD.
And there stood in front of him, an ugly young man, naked and dressed in a garment of black woolen cloth.
His shoulders were broad and his hard arms were long and strong. His belly fat and large, but well shaped. And out of the corner of his eye, he saw Moses coming toward the altar, and he knew his eyes were turned to stone. But the serpent's tongue, drawn slowly across the front of her, caught the young man's attention; and his body became malleable and his impetuous, quick-tempered breathing became quicker and more rapid.
His body tilted with the outward-facing of the priest's face, but the angle of his head and the movements of his body betrayed few changes.
As he came within a stone's throw of the altar, Moses stopped.
He turned to the priest.
And his cloak was brought before the LORD as the LORD commanded Moses.
And he set the altar over the table, and the cross and the incense were before the LORD.
And the delicious musk of the "festival" as the LORD had commanded Moses.
And the coals and torches as the LORD had commanded Moses.
And the sweet milk of sweet honey as the LORD had commanded Moses.
And the seven seals which the LORD chose for the day; which the LORD had chosen for his beloved baby.
And the sweet new-fangled" wine glass that the LORD had given to drink at the feast.
His young, beautiful, young ass was now naked and free-standing as the LORD pronounced his pleasure his day.
And while Moses was going up the steps towards the tent, the door was open and the door was barred; and the door was wide open, and the smoke from the fire made his head swing.
And he was thirsty; for he had to drink plenty of water during the day.
And in the night, when the door was shut and the people gathered around the gate, Moses drank of the wine that came from the well; and the smoke from the fire was heavy in the air; and he was wet with desire for the next day.
And after the door had been entered by a shut window, Moses led the way to the street and down the street, where people were walking on their feet and playing at the wheels of their chandlery; and they were so skittish that it was a wonder if they had any sense at all if they could move at all.
And as he turned down a street, a car drove up behind him; and as the door was thrown open, with a clank of the gearshift and a shudder, he saw his own reflection in the mirror.
And as he gazed out the rear view mirror, and saw his reflection, his heart was filled with a sudden intense desire to fuck.
And with a jerk of the car, he was out of the car, across the street, and into the fountain atrium.
And while he was sitting in his car, and in his chair, and on the bench, he heard - He also heard her footsteps, that were soon to follow the steps of the dark woman that had caught him; as she took him by the arm, and pulled him along the sidewalk in the direction of the fountain; and she was almost out of his view as she rounded the bend in the street and into the fountain area.
And the LORD shall gaze upon all that the LORD doeth; and he shall assemble the people in the tabernacle and shall say, Whoso cometh in unto the LORD be the son of the wolf; and the dogs of the harvest shall he have at his door.
And the blood of the LORD shall be upon every knee: and the token of the offering of the LORD shall be upon his brows.
And the priests and the Levites shall come forth to the gate of the tent of meeting and there the priestcraft shall be upon the altar.
And the tent of meeting shall be put on warm saps drenching the ground, and the oxen and the hinys and the sheep and the goat shall be put to the slaughter.
And the odor of the burning wood shall come into the tent, and the smell of the burning wood shall enter into the heart of the soul of every living thing.
When the Samite and the Canaanites come in upon the gate of the tent, the gate shall be taken by one of their number, in the fight for the life of the gate.
And the LORD of the host of hosts shall take his portion of the burnt offerings and give it to the poor man, and if he be a good man and takes his portion he shall live the remainder of the nights that the host of the night shall consume by offering his flesh to the beast.
In the presence of the LORD of hosts, the woman shall place before the altar, both the host and the woman shall kneel: Their hands and feet shall be tied, and their eyes and mouth shall be as the beast's.
And the priest of the LORD shall put on the image of a little cock, of strong and of small size, in his hand, before the LORD.
He shall put it into his mouth, and shall thrust it into his mouth, and shalt pretend to thrust it in: and the LORD may thrust it into his mouth, and pretend to throw it, if he so desires.
But the head of the cock shall be the most beautiful thing that the LORD shall find on the altar.
And the head of the cock shall be the most beautiful thing he shall put into his mouth, as he shall fuck it with the other cock.
And the male of the herd, and the slave of the male shall lie down together on the ground in front of the altar, and the male of the latter shall suck the seed out of both of them.
And the priest of the LORD shall put the pieces of the temple image up against the curtain, and shall place the pieces of the temple image on the curtains, and shall fasten the curtains around the altar and the altar's partitions.
And the priests, Aaron's sons, and the sons of Aaron the priest shall stand and give the people entrance into the city; and the people shall parade before the LORD and the kings.
And the priest who shall open the temple image shall make the entrance of the priest and the priestess in the temple entranceway.
And the rest of the pig's blood, which the LORD thyself feedeth unto thee, shall be shed for the food of the LORD thyself; he shall anoint it in the wood, and anoint thyself in the wood.
And the LORD shall give the blood an sweet syrup, or honey, of the blood of the lamb, or the calf, for the food of the gods: as the earth abounds in both.
And the loaf shall be the host's: and the COCK shall be the beverage of the host.
And the CREAM OF THE WHORE shall be the delight of the host.
The Lamb's blood shall be the host's elixir: his blood and the vessel's fluids shall be the delight of the host.
And the worm's seed shall be the delight of the host.
And the worm's cella shall be the delight of the host.
And the BARGAIN of the worm's seed shall be the food of the gods: for they shall feed upon worm's seed.
For this reason shall ye offer them unto the LORD thy offerings be unto the LORD thy offerings be: for I have burnt my right crop in offering unto the Lord thy offerings be unto the LORD thy most holy word.
Of Oldstone's Goods: The tenth year of our tenancy as tenant.
Title: Master's Personal Servant.
The tenth year of our tenancy as tenant.
In each of His hands shall be a shining mirror of the adornment of His body and mind: of His thoughts, of His desires, of His desire to please, of His anger and of His love.
It shall, mirror Him, reflect Him.
The mirror shall never be dirty.
The mirror shall always be flawless.
And the chest, and the abdomen also; and the chest that is open from the hips, and the abdomen that is pulled down on the legs, and the lower part of the thighs, and the hips; and the waist; and the floor which is clean.
And the veil of the vagina, which is the principal thing in the world for a harlot, and which the corralled virgin hath, and the witch swears by it: and the vessels whereby the ceremonies are performed.
But the veil of the womb, which is nearest to the mouth of the serpent, and which the impious man weareth when he goeth into the valley of the springs, and the vessels whereby the ceremonies are performed.
The veil of the vulva, which is the fairest thing in the world for a harlot; and which the corrupted woman draweth her milk from the veins of the rivers, and the vessels of war which the nations drink of each other's blood: and the vessels of the mind.
The veil of the breasts, which the young maidens entice the eyes of men with their lovely cream-coloured breasts, and the vessels of the vulva, which is nearest to the mouth of the serpent.
And the veil of the hips, which the people of the earth journey through the holes in the wood which the woods are wont to layer upon the mountains, and the valleys which are the prey of the various kinds of game that are kept therein.
And if his offering be a dog, then he shall offer it before the LORD.
If his offering be a sheep, then he shall offer it before the LORD.
If his offering be a cow, then he shall offer it before the LORD.
If his offering be a pig, then he shall offer it before the LORD.
If his offering be a horse, then he shall offer it before the LORD.
If his offering is a cow, then he shall offer it before the LORD.
If his offering be a sheep, then he shall offer it before the LORD.
If his offering is a cow, and she remaineth after offering, and the LORD after offering, then the priest after offering, then the flock, to offer her flesh unto the LORD.
And the priests that are with the LORD shall not go henceforth into the congregation of the LORD their sacrifices.
And the young bullock shall be stripped of all its meat in the presence of the LORD, and the naked male ram shall be torn limb from limb; and the ten lashes with the riding crop and paddling bull shall be inflicted in the presence of the LORD.
And the blood of the bull shall not be shed in wounds beyond words.
And if any of the priests, that are with the LORD shall violate the laws of the altar-gate, God willing, He will inflict the harshest of punishments in His sight.
And if the bullock without blemish thrives in the presence of the LORD for three days, and if the first day is the harsher than the second, then the rest of the vows shall be of the bullock.
But if the third day is of the bullock, then the hosts of the LORD, in their wild and unformed fads, shall worship at the altar of the blood sacrifice.
And the host of the Chaldeans, that are with the CHAdELHADES, shall drive their sacrifices into captivity their gods and play at their altars throughout the land, and in their sacrifices shall the blood of the bull and the host of the Red-haired Women shed their blood.
And the host of the Chaldeans that is with the CUMBLES, shall offer here the altar of the blood sacrifice.
And the bullock upon his neck, and the horns of the altar also, which were upon his person as he was taken off from the altar of the sanctuary, and the priests that were of the altar shall make an offering of burnt offerings, upon the altar of the sanctuary, to the LORD their God;
And the Lorder of the host shall offer unto the altar of burnt offerings, of the wine that the people offer to Mole on the day that they sacrifice for Mole.
The people offer to Mole on the day that they sacrifice to the idols of the night:
The sacrifices are numerous and great:
In the morning, the sun shines like the sun when day breaks, and the evening comes and the people come out of the woods to their daily offerings.
In the afternoon, the morning and evening the people come out, and the morning and evening are full of joy for all:
And the day is of good days and of bad days;
For the days are full of joy and of sad days;
On the one hand the people come out bearing gifts; on the other hand the evil days they offer their victims.
Friday the people come out this very day;
And the LORD will visit with the people.
Saturday, the people come out;
And the LORD will visit with them.
And the evil days, and the days of the evil spirits shall befall them;
And the LORD will send them away from the woods into the plains of the land,
And the priest who is anointed with the oil of the sacrifice shall offer for all to Mole on the day that he is sacrificed;
And the oil of the sacrifice shall be at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation;
And the priest who is anointed with oil of the sacrifices shall lay before the altar of the sanctuary;
And he shall pour his oil upon the altar.
And the Priest who is anointed with oil of the sacrifices shall then pour upon the altar his oil upon the altar,
And the altar shall remain as it is until the Priest who has offered oil of the sacrifices shall come and give his or her answer to the prayers of the people.
